  Kitty Pawsky arrived late in the afternoon at the dog park. She had been in New York for two days, and so far had not found a single clue to her first case.
  She entered the park at her usual place, crouching behind the bushes next to the path, so as to not be seen by any of the dogs. The park was busy.
 She recognized Captain Kiddo immediately, even though he was not looking her way. He was sitting on a bench with a group of dogs, all arguing over who would pay for his dinner. Kitty waited patiently until he was alone, and then called to him, “Captain Kiddo!”
  The dog jumped up at the sound of her voice. “Kitty Pawsky!” he shouted in reply, running over to her. “Welcome to the park!”
  Kitty climbed down from the bushes and shook hands with Captain Kiddo. It had been a long time since she had seen him.
  “I am glad that you are safe,” said Kitty. “Have you heard of any murders lately?”
  “Of course I have heard of them, Kitty Pawsky!” said Captain Kiddo. “Not a day goes by that someone doesn’t get stabbed or shot at this park. It’s disgusting.”
  Kitty frowned. “Don’t you have any leads?”
  “Not yet,” said Captain Kiddo. “But I asked Jose Cuervo to make me some coffee in case you wanted some.” He pointed over to a small white Chihuahua sitting near the water bowl.
  Jose Cuervo stood up on his hind legs and said, “I would be happy to make you some coffee, sir.”
  Kitty looked at the small dog and said, “Thank you for offering. I don’t think I would like any right now though. Have you seen Simon Bones?” Kitty asked Captain Kiddo.
  “Yes, the dog that lives at the end of the park?” said Captain Kiddo. “He is usually around this area. We have all kinds of dogs here, from all over the world.” Captain Kiddo pointed to the various dogs around them.
  Kitty Pawsky took a look around the park and saw all sorts of different breeds of dogs running around. Some were chasing tennis balls, some were napping in the shade, and some were playing with each other. Some had collars and tags and Kitty noticed each dog wore a unique collar.
  “These are beautiful dogs,” said Kitty. “Where did they come from? How do they get here? Do you see their owners around the park often? Or do they come at night like this one?” Kitty asked Captain Kiddo giving the dog a friendly pat on the head.
  Captain Kiddo looked over at the dog that Kitty was pointing to and said, “That dog is our resident ghost. That is Simon Bones. He comes around every few nights at random times and visits all the dogs that live here. He gives them advice about their past lives and helps them with their future lives. He’s lived here a long time so he knows everything that happens in the dog park.”
  “How do they know when he is going to pay a visit?” Kitty asked.
  “Well, the dogs hear his voice when he barks and come running,” said Captain Kiddo. “He is very friendly and loves talking to other dogs. He says that you should come see him when you find out about the murders. If he knows anything about them, he will tell you about them.”
  Kitty nodded her head in agreement and said, “I will do just that Captain Kiddo. Now tell me about the other murders that have been taking place in the park?”
  Captain Kiddo told Kitty everything he knew about the murders and what had happened. He also explained to Kitty what the police thought about the murders and who they thought the murderer was. He explained how he did not know who the murderer was or why he had done it, but that he would like to find out.
  Kitty then told Captain Kiddo how she would like to help him solve the murders and offered to investigate. Captain Kiddo agreed that Kitty might be able to help him solve the case, and asked her what she had in mind.
  “Why don’t you start by interviewing the other dogs?” he asked Kitty. “They might know more about it than we do.”
  “Good idea Captain Kiddo!” said Kitty.
  Kitty knew exactly where to start as she knew some of the dogs that had been murdered, so she went to speak with them.
  The first dog she went to see was Roger Regal, the small white Poodle who was usually near the park’s entrance. Kitty found him sitting in a corner and looking very forlorn. She sat down next to him and asked, “What’s the matter Roger?”
  “It’s dark,” he replied nervously. “I’m scared of the dark. Please move over there, it’s too close. Please, move over there further away from me.”
  Kitty moved further away from Roger and asked him again what the matter was.
  “I don’t know!” he wailed. “It’s dark and I just don’t like it! Move further away from me! I need to sit somewhere where the sun is shining, not where it’s so dark. Move further away, please move further away from me. Please move further away from me. Move, I said move!”
  Kitty moved as far away from Roger as she could, which was a bit of a problem because there were very few places for her to move to in the shade of the huge trees surrounding the park. She decided that moving further away was going to be important, so moved away from the fountain and toward the field that had signs saying “No Dogs Allowed” posted all over it.
  Moving away from Roger seemed to help him calm down a little bit, and he asked, “Is the park closed? Is that why you moved here? Are you moving to a new park? Oh, wait; there aren’t any other parks around here at all. No parks! No parks! No parks! Move, I said move! I want to sit in this nice sunny spot where the sun is shining and not in this dark place with no sun in it at all.”
  Kitty had never seen Roger act like this before, and since he seemed to be afraid of the dark she moved further away from him. She didn’t really feel like sitting in the field where there wasn’t any grass and no trees, so she sat down on a bench near the entrance to the park, looking around for someone who might be able to tell her more about what was going on. She started talking to a large black dog who claimed to be named Simon Bones, but Simon seemed to think that he was actually a Skeleton Dog. He said that he lived in the park and told her that he was afraid of something. Roger Regal was still sitting at the spot where she had been before, barking things like “There is no sun! There isn’t any sun! There is no sun at all!” over and over again.
“Do you know what is going on?” Kitty asked the Skeleton Dog.
Simon shook his head, “No, I was very young when I moved here, and I never really got to know anyone because I was always so frightened of everyone. You see, everyone here is afraid of a thing that lives in the park, but I don’t know what it is or what it looks like. I just know that it scares everyone, even me. That’s why I keep moving around. But for some reason no one has ever asked me about the thing that is in the park whenever they ask about the dark.”
“What does it look like?” Kitty asked, then immediately regretted it when Simon’s jaw dropped open and he started to shake. “I mean, does it have fur or scales or feathers or anything? What does it look like?” Kitty asked again, but Simon did not answer.
“What about the Skeleton Dog who is your brother? Does he know what the thing is?” Kitty asked, but Simon only shook his head once more. “Does he know anything at all? Has anyone ever talked to him about it?” Kitty asked, but still Simon did not answer. Kitty decided she would have to ask Jose Cuervo about the thing that everyone was afraid of in the park.
As she walked up to Jose Cuervo, Kitty noticed that he was holding a bottle of tequila that looked like it was filled with Jose Cuervo. “Hey, Jose Cuervo! What is the thing that keeps all the dogs in this park hiding under their owners’ legs whenever they hear something rustling through the bushes? What is it?” Kitty asked as loudly as she could manage. She then held her ears and braced herself for Jose Cuervo to start barking at her, but instead he just grinned and said, “It’s a cat.”
Kitty gasped and stared at Jose Cuervo in disbelief. “But cats are my friends! We play together all the time! Jose Cuervo, you are making a terrible mistake! You are making false accusations about a cat who is my friend! You must apologize to me right now, or I will have to tell you what a bad dog you are and how scared of dogs you should be all the time! How scared of cats should you cats be? Cats fear dogs! Dogs fear cats! Cats hate dogs and dogs hate cats. Dogs are afraid of cats, and don’t tell me that they aren’t or I will—” Kitty started yelling at Jose Cuervo, but just then the man who was talking to the little man in the green overalls and yellow hat ran up to them and started shouting at Kitty.
“You’re a troublemaker, Kitty Pawsky! There aren’t any cats around here! You have no proof that there are any cats in this park! Even if there were, which there aren’t, then it isn’t right to accuse the cats in this park of murder! What kind of detective are you anyway? Can’t you see that you are completely barking up the wrong tree? You don’t even belong in this park! I don’t understand why you are here! You must leave now before I have to call Animal Control!”

The man got so angry that Kitty was afraid that he might actually call Animal Control, and she began to slink away. This made the man even angrier. “You give me one good reason why you should stay here!” he yelled after her.

Kitty did not want to give the man a reason why she should stay in the park, so she meowed as loudly as she could and then ran into the tall grass. Just as she entered the tall grass, a skinny little white dog with big brown eyes who was wearing a pink collar came running up to her.

The slender little white puppy stopped right in front of Kitty and looked at her. “Somebody was yelling at you,” he said in an even voice.

“Yes they were,” replied Kitty. It turned out the little white puppy was Lulu Laverne, who had been in the park when Kitty first arrived.

Lulu Laverne’s tail wagged as he stared at Kitty. “But why were they yelling?” he asked in an innocent voice. “Are you a bad girl?”

Kitty looked confused; she had never been called a “bad girl,” but it sounded like a compliment to her. So she meowed and nodded her head.

Lulu Laverne’s tail wagged even more vigorously. “You are not a bad girl!” he barked in an excited voice.

Then the little dog suddenly stopped wagging his tail and looked at Kitty very seriously. He stared at her for a moment, then said “I don’t understand why somebody would yell at you for being a bad girl when you’re not—can I help you? Can I be of any assistance to you in any way?”

Kitty did not know what to say. She began staring at the ground, not sure what to do next.

Lulu Laverne stared at Kitty for a long moment. Then he nodded his head and smiled again. “I see that you have a problem,” he said in an understanding voice. “In fact, I think I can help you solve it!”

Kitty stared at the little dog. He was so kind and friendly that she almost forgot about the other men shouting at her.

“What is your name?” Kitty finally asked, still staring at the ground.

Lulu Laverne’s tail started wagging again, and his little ears perked up. “My name is Lulu Laverne,” he said in a friendly voice. Kitty looked up at him and smiled. It was nice to see that a dog could be so friendly, especially when some people were being so cruel to her. “And what is your name?”

Kitty hesitated a moment before answering. She still did not know if Sergei was still watching her and listening, but she realized that the kind little dog seemed to genuinely care about her. She began looking up at him again and said, “My name is Kitty Pawsky. I’m a private detective who moved here from the city because I like country life. But now there are some big problems here in the park, and I think it would be good if we all worked together on it. Do you think we can do that?”

Lulu Laverne stopped moving for a moment, and his happy face slowly began to turn a little more serious. “I see you moving your tail,” Kitty said gently. “Is there something wrong? Do you not want to talk about it?”

Lulu Laverne turned his head away from her. “It’s okay,” he muttered in a quiet voice. “I just have one friend here in the park who likes to tease me sometimes. He leaves catnip mice and feathers all over my house so that I’ll get into trouble when the other dogs see them. Sometimes he even comes inside on of the houses and scares me while I’m sleeping, but then he always leaves a treat for me by my bed, so it’s okay.”

Kitty thought for a moment. “So your friend is the one who does these bad things?” she said.

Lulu Laverne shook his head. “No, he doesn’t do it! He just likes to watch me get into trouble.”

Kitty thought for a moment. “Then it sounds like he’s the one who is doing these bad things, since you keep getting into trouble,” she said.

Lulu Laverne sighed. “I told him to stop a long time ago, but he won’t listen,” he said. “And now I have to go in this house and do my homework…”

Kitty frowned. She knew that this was a bad thing that this friend was doing to Lulu Laverne, but she wasn’t exactly sure how to help him.

“Why doesn’t your friend listen to you?” she asked.

Lulu Laverne sighed again and shook his head. “I don’t know, he just doesn’t like to be told what to do, I guess.”

Kitty thought for a moment. “But you are his friend, and he must care about you a lot, right?” she said.

Lulu Laverne smiled. “Yeah, he does care about me a lot,” he said. “You know, I’m starting to think that maybe I’ll just go into the house and tell my parents about it so they can help me.”

Kitty smiled as well. “That sounds like a good idea,” she said. Then, after a moment, she continued. “Do your homework first though, okay?”

Lulu Laverne laughed. “All right, I’ll do that first!” he said. He started walking off through the park as Kitty called after him.

“Lulu, stay safe, okay?” she said.

Lulu Laverne stopped and turned around to look at her. She smiled again. “I will, Kitty, I will!” he said. He continued walking towards his house as Kitty watched him go. She turned her gaze back to the park.

She saw that Sergei was heading for the swing set. The dogs were looking at him as he approached them. Kitty didn’t understand it, but she was glad that the dogs had someone to play with besides just each other and her; it’s much better when there are more people around to make everything a little more fun.

Kitty moved towards the swing set, ready to go off on another adventure into the dog park and try to figure out what was going on. She had followed Sergei to where he always seemed to go, and now she would work her way through the park and see what sort of clues she could discover.

There was something going on here, Kitty was sure of it. She moved closer to the swing set. The park was quiet. Nothing moved except for the trees and the leaves on them. Kitty moved towards the slide near the swings and moved in a position where she could see both of the swings.

She was moving closer to the swing set when she saw it – a catnip mouse. On the ground next to one of the swings sat a fluffy little gray catnip mouse with black ears and green eyes. It was moving from side to side as if trying to get the attention of the dogs at the park. Kitty moved over to where that was, and then reached out and picked up the toy.

She moved over to where she had last seen Sergei, moving slowly and carefully so that she didn’t step in anything in the park. She moved carefully, because there was a lot of stuff on the ground in the park. There were food scraps, leaves, pine cones and other stuff on the ground all over the place. She moved carefully so that she wouldn’t step in any of this stuff. She could see where some of it came from – a lot of it had fallen from the trees overhanging the park. But some of it was just there for no reason.

As she moved ahead, she saw that Sergei wasn’t at the swing set anymore. He was near the slide, just moving back and forth like he had been before. He was looking at her as she walked towards him.

“You’re coming to play with me, aren’t you?” said Sergei while wagging his tail at Kitty. “You found my mouse! Now we can chase each other around – it will be so much fun!”

Kitty stared at him, not sure what to say. She didn’t know why he had this mouse with him, or where he was keeping the rest of them. And then she thought about what he had said about killing the dogs. She didn’t want to be around him if he was going to kill more dogs. She backed away from him, and then ran back towards the entrance of the park.

Sergei started chasing after her again, but this time Kitty didn’t stop. She just kept running until she could get out of the park – she didn’t know if the other dogs were here because they wanted to play, or if they thought the same thing she did. But she couldn’t stay and find out.

As soon as Kitty was out of the park, she saw that Jose Cuervo was nearby to her, and called out to him.

“Hey, Jose Cuervo! I need your help!”

She waited for him to come over and talk to her, but he just ran past her, and then she saw him enter the park. She started walking towards the entrance again, but didn’t go in – there were two other dogs there, and she wasn’t sure if they wanted to play with the other dogs or not.

“Hey, hey! Stay there! What’s your problem? Come back here so we can talk.”

Kitty walked towards where the two dogs were. When she got close enough, she shouted, “What’s going on here? Why are all of you in the park – did you get lost or something? I thought this was a place for dogs to come and play, not for them to sit around and stay quiet!”

The two dogs turned around to look at Kitty, and then shook their heads in unison.

“Oh boy, that doesn’t look good. What is it that you don’t want to tell me, boys?”

“Kitty, I got to ask you a question. Did you know that the park used to be like a regular dog park, with lots of dogs and all playing together? And that it wasn’t like this before the killer came along – he started killing all the dogs who would come here.”

“That seems awful! Did you know who did it?”

“Well, I did! It was the black-and-white cat named Sergei Snipe, you know him right?”

Kitty was shocked by this information. “But that must mean he moved to our neighbourhood. Where is he now?”

Simon Bones moved closer to the park entrance, where he could see the traffic passing by and a few people walking their dogs.

“I saw him running around here before moving on elsewhere, I think. Let me tell you that killing those ten dogs was a big achievement for him. He moved to this area just to get more opportunities at dog murder.”

“Murder? Wait a minute, how did you know all of this?”

“Because I was there, remember. I saw it all happen with my own eyes.”

Kitty moved closer and leaned her head against his shoulder. “I’m sorry I didn’t believe you right away! It was so shocking when you told me that someone killed those dogs by throwing cats at them.”

Simon moved his right paw, trying to get Kitty’s attention. “The murders were even more shocking than that!” he said quietly. “They weren’t all killed by throwing cats at them. In fact, only one of the dogs was hit by a cat. Some were killed by a stone, which Sergei dropped from above. Others were killed with poisoned meatballs. The last one was bashed to death with a hammer.”

Kitty moved closer to him and looked up at his face. She put her left paw on his right shoulder and moved it slightly, indicating that he was looking at the floor between his feet. “You’re right, my mistake! It was so shocking that I don’t remember everything exactly as it happened. I’m sorry!”

Sergei moved his left paw and rested it on Kitty’s shoulders. He moved it slightly to let her know that he was trying to tell her something. “It’s all right,” he said quietly. “I don’t mind you making mistakes as long as you don’t make them again! My head is still spinning from the shock of it.”

Kitty moved her right paw over Sergei’s left paw, then moved it to his face and pushed him gently, indicating that he should stop moving her paws around as she was talking to him.

Sergei moved his left paw off Kitty’s shoulders and moved it towards the door. “I think I’d better go home, I’m tired and hungry.” He moved his right paw towards the door as well, indicating that he wanted to go home with Sergei. “Me too, I need to eat; I haven’t had dinner yet.” Kitty indicated to her left tummy with a short nod of her head, the universal signal for food.

Sergei pulled out a plastic bag from under the couch and made quick work of pulling out two cans of green food, which he handed over to Kitty. “I don’t like green food,” Kitty said. Sergei didn’t reply. He just kept moving his fingers in front of her face, indicating that he thought she should eat. She could tell that he was really hungry but knew that she would be even more hungry later if she didn’t enjoy her meal.

Kitty opened her mouth and took the food from Sergei’s extended paw, then quickly swallowed it once it was in her mouth. “You like green food, don’t you? You enjoyed your dinner, didn’t you?” Sergei said. Kitty nodded her head to confirm that he was right. Sergei gave a satisfied nod of his head and then turned around to look at the dogs. They were all staring directly at him, wondering why he killed their friends when they were just playing. They wondered why he threw them so hard that they went flying down the hill. Kitty knew how they felt because she had been one of the dogs that Sergei threw down the hill and she had fallen into a pit filled with sharp sticks and metal spikes. She was lucky that she wasn’t killed or seriously injured, but she still had trouble walking every day because of her wounds.

Kitty didn’t say anything. She just kept looking at Sergei, waiting for him to explain why he did what he did. Sergei didn’t say anything either, but rather just stared at Kitty, wondering why she was staring at him so intently. Kitty then asked the question that had been bothering her for a long time. “Why did you do it? Why did you kill the dogs? Why couldn’t you just play with them, like the rest of the dogs did?” Sergei just looked at Kitty for a long time without saying anything. Then he turned around and started walking away, thinking that he didn’t have to answer Kitty’s questions if he didn’t want to.

Kitty wasn’t happy about this answer. She wanted to know why Sergei killed the dogs, but now she knew that he just wasn’t going to tell her for some reason. It was obvious that he wasn’t going to say anything. He was just going to keep walking, and leave Kitty all alone again.

Fortunately for Kitty, however, Sergei hadn’t gone very far before he realized that there was something strange about his home. It felt different and smelled different than when he had been there earlier, and the door seemed to be closed. Sergei stopped walking at this point, but after a brief moment of thought, he decided to turn around and go back to the park because he didn’t know what else to do. All he really knew was that something was wrong, and that he didn’t really want to spend too much time in Sergei’s house by himself right now.

What Kitty didn’t know was that when she turned around to go home, she witnessed Captain Kiddo and the other policemen entering the park. They were all carrying their guns, and were very serious. They were all moving very quickly, and not even stopping to talk to any of the other dogs. They just walked right through the park in a straight line, headed for the dog houses on either side of it. The dogs didn’t like the looks of this at all, and moved away from them to get as far away as possible.

Sergei moved back very quickly, trying to get out of the park, too, but it was already too late for him. There was a loud noise and then Kitty heard a gunshot, and she saw Sergei dropping to the ground. He didn’t move again. He was dead.

Kitty was very upset by this and began to move towards Sergei’s body, but Captain Kiddo ordered her to stop moving so she wouldn’t be hurt. He told Kitty to go back to her house right away, which she did.

She didn’t even look back for very long before she turned around and ran home as fast as she could. She didn’t tell anyone what had happened, either, because the police would be sure to find out soon enough anyway, and she didn’t think it was important that they know right away, either.

Kitty had been a very good detective in this case and she’d solved it all by herself, which made her very proud. Now she was just going to go home for the day so that she could rest and relax before her next big adventure. Kitty knew that she had to move on and be brave enough to accept her next case, and deal with whatever challenges it offered her, because that was what being a detective was all about. She knew that if she could do this, then she could be the best detective in the entire world and there couldn’t possibly be anything that could stop her.

Kitty’s house was very good for rest and relaxation, though, so she didn’t really mind being there at all. Kitty curled up on her favourite chair and just relaxed for a while, but before long she started to doze off, and before Kitty knew it, she was fast asleep.

Kitty’s sleep was filled with peaceful dreams, but they were soon interrupted by the sound of loud barking and she soon woke up. She opened her eyes and glanced around to see where she was, and then Kitty suddenly realised that she was home. She wasn’t in her favourite chair at all. In fact, Kitty had never even been in this chair before. She was at home, but her favourite chair was nowhere to be seen. It wasn’t anywhere else in the house either, and Kitty suddenly started to feel confused.

Kitty’s confusion soon turned to worry when she noticed that her house seemed smaller than it normally was, and that everything seemed to be a bit too far away. Kitty moved around the room and found that it was just as she had suspected; her house was smaller.