

Premise: The world's greatest detective is hired to solve a string of murders. The only problem is that the detective is a cat, and the murders are happening in a dog park.

Setting: The story is set in a dog park in a large city.

Characters:
Lulu Laverne: Lulu Laverne is a small black Chihuahua with big brown eyes.
Simon Bones: Simon Bones is a large white Skeleton Dog with red eyes.
Sergei Snipe: Sergei Snipe is a large black Russian Blue cat with a long white beard.
Jose Cuervo: Jose Cuervo is a small white Chihuahua with big brown eyes.
Roger Regal: Roger Regal is a small white Poodle with a blue ribbon tied around his neck.
Captain Kiddo: Captain Kiddo is a small brown and white Jack Russell Terrier with a big black patch over one eye.
Kitty Pawsky: Kitty Pawsky is a small black and white cat with big green eyes.
Harry Houndstooth: Harry Houndstooth is a large brown Doberman Pinscher with a white stripe down his back.
Betty Beagle: Betty Beagle is a small white Beagle with big brown eyes.


Outline:

1. Kitty Pawsky, the world's greatest detective, agrees to take on a case in which a string of murders have been committed in a dog park. Scene:  Characters: Kitty Pawsky

        a. Kitty Pawsky arrives in the dog park and is greeted by Captain Kiddo, the head of security. Scene:  Characters: Captain Kiddo, Kitty Pawsky

                i. Kitty Pawsky arrives in the dog park and is greeted by Captain Kiddo. Scene: the dog park. Characters: Captain Kiddo, Kitty Pawsky

                ii. Captain Kiddo gives Kitty a tour of the park and introduces her to the various dogs that live there. Scene: the dog park. Characters: Captain Kiddo, Kitty Pawsky, Simon Bones, Jose Cuervo

        b. Captain Kiddo tells Kitty about the murders that have been occurring in the park, and asks for her help in solving the case. Scene:  Characters: Captain Kiddo, Kitty Pawsky

                i. Captain Kiddo tells Kitty about the murders that have been committed in the park over the past few weeks, and asks for her help in solving the case. Scene: the dog park. Characters: Captain Kiddo, Kitty Pawsky

                ii. Kitty agrees to help Captain Kiddo solve the murders, and begins her investigation. Scene: the dog park. Characters: Captain Kiddo, Kitty Pawsky

2. Kitty begins her investigation by speaking to the various dogs in the park, but none of them seem to be very helpful. Scene:  Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Captain Kiddo, Harry Houndstooth

        a. Kitty speaks to the dogs in the park and discovers that most of them seem to be afraid of something, but no one will say what it is. Scene:  Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Captain Kiddo, Harry Houndstooth

                i. Kitty begins her investigation by speaking to Roger Regal, a small white poodle, who seems to be the most afraid of the group. Scene: the park, near the fountain. Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Roger Regal

                ii. Simon tells her that Roger is afraid of the dark, and that's why he's been acting so weird. Scene: the park, near the fountain. Characters: Simon Bones, Roger Regal

        b. Kitty then speaks to Simon Bones, a skeleton dog, who tells her that the dogs are afraid of something that lives in the park. Scene:  Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Simon Bones, Captain Kiddo, Harry Houndstooth

                i. Kitty then asks Simon about the thing that the dogs are afraid of, but he doesn't seem to know anything. Scene: the park, near the fountain. Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Simon Bones

                ii. Kitty then asks Jose Cuervo, a small Chihuahua, who tells her that the thing the dogs are afraid of is a cat. Scene: the park, near the fountain. Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Jose Cuervo

                iii. This revelation leads Kitty to suspect that one of the cats in the park may be behind the murders. Scene: the park, near the fountain. Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Betty Beagle, Lulu Laverne

3. Kitty then turns her attention to the cats in the park, and eventually discovers that Sergei Snipe, a Russian Blue cat, is behind the murders. Scene:  Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe

        a. Kitty begins to suspect Sergei when she finds out that he often torments the other dogs in the park. Scene:  Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe

                i. Kitty finds out that Sergei often torments the other dogs in the park. Scene: the park. Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe

                ii. Kitty then discovers that Sergei often leaves fluffy catnip mice in the park, which the dogs seem to be interested in. Scene: Simon Bones' house. Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe, Captain Kiddo, Harry Houndstooth

        b. Kitty then discovers that Sergei has been using a catnip mouse to lure the dogs into the park, where he then kills them. Scene:  Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe

                i. Kitty follows Sergei and discovers that he has been using a catnip mouse to lure the dogs into the park. Scene: the park. Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe, Captain Kiddo, Harry Houndstooth

                ii. Sergei then kills the dogs once they are in the park. Scene: the park. Characters: Sergei Snipe, Simon Bones, Jose Cuervo

4. Kitty confronts Sergei and eventually solves the case, bringing the murderer to justice. Scene:  Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe

        a. Kitty confronts Sergei and demands to know why he committed the murders. Scene:  Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe

                i. Sergei initially denies having anything to do with the murders, but Kitty doesn't believe him. Scene: the park, near where the murders took place. Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe

                ii. Kitty then threatens to expose him if he doesn't confess, and Sergei eventually gives in. Scene: Sergei's home. Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe

        b. Sergei then confesses that he did it because he was bored, and because he liked killing the dogs. Scene:  Characters: Sergei Snipe

                i. Sergei confesses to Kitty that he murdered the dogs because he was bored, and that he enjoyed doing it. Scene: Sergei's home. Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe

                ii. Kitty then asks him why he didn't just kill cats instead, and Sergei tells her that it's more fun to kill dogs because they're bigger. Scene: Sergei's home. Characters: Kitty Pawsky, Sergei Snipe

        c. Kitty then turns him over to Captain Kiddo and the police, and the case is officially closed. Scene:  Characters: Captain Kiddo, Kitty Pawsky

                i. Sergei confesses to the murders and is taken into custody by Captain Kiddo and the police. Scene: the park. Characters: Captain Kiddo, Sergei Snipe, Kitty Pawsky

                ii. The case is officially closed, and Kitty goes home a satisfied detective. Scene: Kitty's home. Characters: Kitty Pawsky