Kitty Pawsky sat on the carpet and gazed into the fire. The blaze crackled with an almost musical sound. It was so relaxing and it made Kitty feel very sleepy.
 The fire was in a hearth built into the wall of a large library. Kitty padded across the rich, dark-red carpet and onto a tasseled, red velvet stool that sat beside the hearth.
 Kitty curled up on the stool so that his face was close to the warm glow from the fire, and he closed his eyes.
Just as he was falling into a blissful sleep, there came a loud knock at the door.
Kitty opened his eyes and jumped off the stool, he then padded across the floor to answer it.
The fire danced in front of our hero’s eyes as he walked across the room, not a very dignified way for a celebrated detective like himself to behave.
Kitty opened the door and stepped outside. A night wind gusted past him, blowing his fur out behind him. He closed the door quickly and then turned around, just in time to see a black cat with a bushy white beard run into the library.
‘Sergei Snipe!’ Kitty cried, relieved tosee his old friend. ‘My dear Sergei! What are you doing here?’
Sergei stopped short and said nothing. Captain Kiddo frowned, then she realised that Snipe was looking at him with a calculating expression on his face. Snipe turned his head back to look into the library before turning it back to Captain Kiddo again.
Snipe said, ‘My good friend! I have come to seek your help.’ Snipe’s voice was very serious.
‘What is it, Sergei? What can I do for you?’ said Captain Kiddo, once again frowning.
Snipe hesitated for a moment before saying anything. He looked around carefully as if he was afraid of someone or something seeing them talking. Finally, however, he said, ‘There have been several murders recently in a park close to my home. The bodies of all the victims have been found in the dog pound. I wish you would come and investigate for me, my good friend.’
Captain Kiddo sighed and said quietly, ‘I’m afraid that I can’t help you at the moment, Sergei. I am on holiday at the moment. But I do wish you the very best of luck with yourinvestigation, my good friend.’
Snipe said nothing for what seemed like a long time. When he did start talking again he said, ‘I must go now, my good friend. Please accept my thanks for your help and support and all the best wishes to you and Betty Beagle.’
With that he turned his back on Kitty Pawsky and walked around the park before disappearing into the trees and out of sight.
Captain Kiddo shook her head sadly and said, ‘You know, Snipe isn’t always what he seems to be. People often think that they know him better than they really do. I’m afraid that he is a very dark and strange cat. He always seems to be able to charm people in to agreeing with him, which makes it even harder for us to find out what is really going on.’
Kitty Pawsky listened carefully but all Captain Kiddo did was repeat herself over and over again. It was obvious that she wasn’t going to tell Kitty anything useful about the murders in the park. So Kitty said, ‘I don’t wish to be rude, Captain Kiddo, but I don’t see how this has anythingto do with me. Snipe asked you for help with finding the murderer of a cat, not some stupid hounds. I am sure that it is a very interesting case but as far as I can see it has nothing to do with me.’
Captain Kiddo looked sad for a moment and said, ‘That is true, Kitty Pawsky. But you have to understand that we dogs are like a big family. Although we may only know each other in passing, we are always willing to help out if there is a problem. Snipe would never have turned to me if there hadn’t been a reason for it. He wouldn’t just go around bothering people for nothing at all.’
Kitty felt very awkward. She had never thought of herself as part of a family before but she guessed that it must be true or else Captain Kiddo wouldn’t have said something like that. So she just said, ‘In that case I will do my best to help you out with your investigation. What do you need me to do?’
Captain Kiddo brightened up immediately and smiled as she replied, ‘Thank you so much, Kitty Pawsky. We don’t reallyknow anything about the murderer yet so we need you to think through all the possibilities and see if you can figure out who it might be.’
Kitty thought for a while. Then she said, ‘If you show me where all the bodies have been found I should be able to work out something about the case by looking at how they died and thinking about the motive behind each one.’
Captain Kiddo was amazed. She knew that Kitty Pawsky was a good detective but hearing her speak in such a logical way made her realise that she was even better than she thought. She said, ‘I will take you to the park straight away but it won’t be easy for you because most of the dogs have been killed during their walks and I think many of them were mutilated. It is very sad but some people like to hurt animals for no reason at all. Just be careful because the murderer might still be out there somewhere and we don’t want you to get hurt too.’
Kitty Pawsky thought that it was good advice so she went with Captain Kiddo into the kitchen to put on some shoes before they went outside.

    Kitty Pawsky didn’t getvery far with the investigation because she only found one body. She spent most of the time playing with all the dogs instead.

    She liked Harry Houndstooth because he was so big and strong and yet he was also very gentle with her. He let her climb all over him and tickle his neck with her whiskers. She thought he smelled a little funny but she liked him anyway because he had such a kind face.

    She also had fun playing with Betty Beagle, who was very quick and clever, but sometimes she just wanted to have a nap even more than she wanted to play a game.

    Sergei Snipe was funny because he tried to run away from her but he could never do it properly because his legs were so short and fat. She liked the way his feet looked even though they were very weird because they were covered in thick fur instead of paws. She tried to chase him but he was too fast for her so she gave up trying to catch him.

    The other dog that Kitty liked a lot was Captain Kiddo because she liked the way that his ears flopped backwards and she thought his very shiny coat would make a great blanket. She liked to have a rest on his bigback but he wasn’t very cuddly so she didn’t stay there for as long as she wanted to.

    To Kitty, all the dogs had their own special qualities and she loved to spend time with them all because they were her friends. She didn’t like any one of them more than the others even though none of them were anything like her. She liked it when they all played together because they were all so different yet they got along well together.

	In between playing with the dogs, Kitty also tried to ask them if they had seen anything suspicious that day but none of them seemed to know anything about it. They all said that they hadn’t seen a thing so she decided that maybe she would have to go somewhere else for information.

	Once all the dogs had been walked and fed, Kitty got ready to leave because she had more investigating to do. She didn’t want any of the dogs accompanying her so Betty Beagle stayed behind with Harry Houndstooth and Sergei Snipe while Lulu Laverne went back with Captain Kiddo and Simon Bones was taken home by his owner.

	Kitty walked out of the gate with Kitty Pawsky still on her back, who was a good detective.Kitty Pawsky had very keen eyes and could pick up tiny details that most dogs couldn’t even see. They had been together for so long that they knew exactly what the other was thinking.

	Kitty and Kitty Pawsky began their walk to the park and then around it, checking every dog they saw until they were satisfied that nobody was hiding away as part of the investigation. They had been around twice when Kitty noticed something on a path she had never seen before. There were bits of paper spread all over the floor and it looked like someone had stepped in some cat food as well as other things like breadcrumbs. It looked like somebody had been looking for information or clues with the cat food but Kitty didn’t understand what had happened because it was such a small amount of it. Kitty knew that she would have to look deeper into things in order to get any more information out of these clues.

	When they walked passed the path with the mystery paper trail, Kitty bent down to see if she could spot anything that might give her any information but there wasn’t much there apart from some feathers and a few other small things like cigarette butts and other things that might have been dropped accidentally by the previous owner of the trail.

	Kitty felt sure that there must be something else she could find on her next walk because whoever left this trail had come back to look for it again.

	Kitty started walking around the trail in order to try and find some more bits of paper because there was obviously something important about them. She looked under every rock and behind every bush in case there were more pieces of the puzzle hidden away. Kitty’s plan worked though when she found a little piece of paper with paw prints on it near one of the trees. There was only one person who would have been walking their dog in this trail and that was Simon Bones, Harry Houndstooth’s owner. Kitty knew that he would talk to her about what had happened so she decided to speak to him next.

	Simon Bones wasn’t hard to find because he was one of the largest dogs in the park and everybody knew who he was. He would be easy to find because his owner had left a piece of paper which would lead her straight to him. When Kitty found Simon he was resting in one of his favorite spots. It was under a large tree where he liked to hide away from everybody else and think about all the problems he had. He was lying on hisback with his head resting on a big branch. His long white beard was spread out around him and his bright red eyes were closed.

	“Hello there Simon,” Kitty said when she found him, “I just wanted to have a quick chat with you because I am trying to solve a mystery and I don’t know what else to do.”

	Simon Bones looked up from the branch without opening his eyes and asked, “What is it that is causing so many problems?”

	Kitty went over to Simon and sat down beside him. She rubbed against him and said, “There’s been a series of dog-nappings in this park and Kitty Pawsky has been asked to help her friend solve them. Do you have any idea how we can make progress?”

	Simon Bones shook his head and replied, “I have not heard about any of the dog-nappings but it sounds as though they could be dangerous. I am sorry that I cannot help you with your investigation but I just wanted to tell you that.”

	Kitty gave Simon a friendly pat and thanked him for listening to her anyway before she left the park. She felt surethat she would be able to solve this mystery and save the dogs.

	Two hours later, Kitty was sitting in the middle of the cat’s area of the park. The large black Russian Blue was curled up asleep next to her and all of the other cats were sitting calmly together enjoying their lunch. Kitty was trying to think of a way to get them all talking about the dog-nappings because some of them might be able to help her.

	Suddenly, Lulu Laverne, a small black Chihuahua, stood up on her hind legs and shouted, “I know who has been doing it!”

	All of the cats turned their heads to look at Lulu and Kitty shouted out in surprise, “Who? What do you mean? How do you know?”

	Kitty watched as Lulu gave her head a shake, like she was trying to clear it. When she stopped shaking her head and opened her eyes, they were much clearer than they had been when she was sitting down. Lulu looked at Kitty and said, “I know who it is because I have seen his car parked by the entrance to the park.”Kitty jumped out of her seat and ran over to Lulu with her eyes wide open. She tried to get a good look at the small Chihuahua, but the cat in front of her stood between Kitty and Lulu, blocking her view. As Kitty tried to look around him, he nipped at her leg with his teeth and growled at her.

	She stumbled backwards away from the large black cat until she fell onto the ground with a thump. She looked up at him and said, “Alright! Alright! I will move!”

	He stood over her with his head tilted slightly to one side as if he were listening for something. He put his paw on Kitty’s chest and pushed down until she was lying flat on her back.

	He looked into Kitty’s big green eyes and said, “You are in danger of dying here today.” He walked away and sat back down by the other cats without giving them a chance to respond to Kitty.

	Kitty shook her head at the strange black cat, walked over to the Chihuahua, and sat down next to her.

	Lulu Laverne pointed excitedly at Sergei Snipe lyingon the ground and said, “That’s him! That’s him! He’s been killing all of my friends in the park, I know it! I looked around after each one was killed, and I found that cat right there every time!” Her brown eyes were wide with excitement. “I’m sure he has something to do with it. Please help me. You must arrest him for murder.”

	Kitty rubbed her chin as she tried to decide how to proceed. She tried to imagine what kind of dog would take on a black cat twice its size, especially when it was armed with sharp claws and teeth. Even the strongest dogs would run away from such a fight. Thinking this through, she decided that the dog had to be aggressive and have some kind of protection or weapon. It would also need a reason for killing his enemies.

	Kitty said to Lulu, “I’m sure that you are right about this cat being involved in the killings. But why would he kill just dogs? He might be killing them because they are his enemies, but why would he want to kill an enemy who is much smaller than him? There’s a good chancethat the dog would win.”

	“Well, he can kill them because he has sharp claws and teeth, just like a lion does to its prey. And besides, he can kill as many dogs as he wants – they aren’t going to fight back much. He only has to worry about getting caught.”

	Kitty grinned at her. “Yes, I suppose that is true! But what kind of protection or weapons would a dog use against a cat?” She looked around at all the other cats, and saw Sergei staring at her from across the park.

	Betty Beagle stood up and said, “He uses guns! Dog guns! Cats are afraid of loud noises.”

	Kitty looked at Betty with admiration. She was a smart dog. She knew that most cats were afraid of loud noises, because they had been naturally selected by hunters to fear them, so predators wouldn’t hear their prey when they were hunting for it.

	Kitty shouted out, “So what you are saying is that this black cat must have some kind of gun in order to kill all of the dogs in the park without any of them fighting back?”Betty Beagle nodded and ran over to Sergei who was still staring at Kitty. They began to talk, and Betty pointed her nose up in the air at Kitty.

	“I hope you don’t mind that my dog and I were talking about you, Ms. Pawsky. We just think you are a very interesting cat!”

	Kitty laughed and said, “It is no problem! If it will help solve the mystery, then I am happy to be friends with anyone in the park.”

	Betty said, “Yes! We want you to solve our mystery – it has been terrible having all these people killed right in front of our noses. We don’t even have enough time to sniff their hind quarters before we get shot! It has been very scary!”

	Kitty and Betty both looked over at Sergei who had a long white beard and was staring at Kitty with a smile on his face. He didn’t seem bothered by the fact that Betty had called him ‘a cat’ instead of a dog.

	Kitty said, “Well, I want to help you two solve your mystery. And I am going to needyour help too!”

	Sergei nodded and said, “Of course! You know that I have solved many other mysteries in the past. I don’t mind helping!”

	Kitty nodded and turned her attention back to Betty who said, “Great! I will tell you everything my dog and I know about the other dog murders. It is very important that you catch the killer so this doesn’t happen again!”

	Sergei said, “Wait a minute – there are other dog murders? You never told us that before!”

	Betty said, “Yes! Not only do we have all these people killed here in our park, but there are also many other dogs killed all over town! There have been three other dogs murdered in the last few days! The first killing was right outside the pet store downtown! The second one was a few days after that – right outside the hardware store on Main Street. And now this one in our park!”

	Sergei nodded and said, “Well, I think we are getting somewhere with your case – it is always a good idea to try and solve any other mysteries in town while you aretrying to solve your own case. That way if you don’t find the killer, at least you will have helped our friends in other places!”

	Kitty said, “Well, I have an idea – why don’t we meet at the pet store tomorrow morning at ten o’clock? That way we can talk about all of these murders and see if we can find a connection between them all or something that will help us catch the killer!”

	Betty said, “Yes! I will be there to talk! Sergei – will you come too?”

	Sergei said, “Of course! I have much experience solving mysteries of this nature. I can be very helpful as well!”

	Harry Houndstooth and Lulu Laverne were listening in on this conversation, and Harry said to Kitty’s dog, “So now we have a chance to find out who has been killing all of the dogs! This is going to be fun!” Lulu Laverne was accompanied by her best friend Jose Cuervo, who was eager to help as well.

	Lulu Laverne said, “Yeah – this could be very interesting! Maybe I will get some more acting work to do if we can catch the killer!”Harry Houndstooth said, “Yes – this is going to be great! We’ll finally get some answers! And who knows what other mysteries we can solve while we are at it?”

	Kitty said, “Wonderful! I’ll see you all tomorrow morning at ten o’clock then. Oh – by the way – no dogs are allowed at this meeting. We need to keep it a secret from Sergei Snipe because he may be our suspect. This way he won’t try and kill any of us before we can figure out who the real killer is! Oh – and don’t tell my dad about this meeting either, Betty. He may get mad that I am working on this case with you guys and not him.”

	Betty said, “That is a good idea! See ya tomorrow, Kitty! And thanks for helping us solve this problem.”

	Kitty said, “No problem! I can sense that all of you are good people and I want to help as long as my dad doesn’t get mad about it. Good bye everyone, and see ya tomorrow at ten o’clock!”Sasha said, “Bye Kitty!”

	Betty said, “Bye Kitty!”

	Sasha said, “See ya tomorrow, Daddy! I love you!”

	Sergei Snipe said, “Ha – I will see you all tomorrow at ten o’clock sharp. And don’t be late or you will be a dead dog – hahaha!! Gotta go now. See ya later!”

	Kitty goes home and gets ready for bed. She turns on her TV to watch some news while she is getting ready for bed. She puts on her nightgown and lays in front of the TV with her blanket, pillow, and favorite teddy bear. She is watching the news when all of a sudden she sees her dad being arrested for murdering people. The news quickly cuts to Kitty doing a live report about how her dad killed the victims at the dog park!!

	Kitty said, “Good evening everyone! I am Kitty Pawsky and this is my live report on the arrest of my father, Sergei Snipe. This has got to be one of the hardest reports I have ever had to do in mylife. My father has been accused of killing five dogs at the park. I am so shocked right now because this is not like my dad at all!! My dad is very protective and loving towards all animals no matter what – even the ones he doesn’t know like me!! Could he really be guilty? I don’t know. But it is hard not to believe it because the police have evidence that incriminates Sergei!! It is too much for me to handle right now so I am going to end this report here and show you what we have on the footage. Goodbye everyone and good night!”

	The camera turns off. Kitty quickly gets up and grabs her iPad to search up any information on the murder of her father as well as any information on the dog park murders that she can find. She didn’t get far because her mom came into her room with a snack for Kitty after she finished watching news.

	Kitty said, “Hey mom! What are you doing home so late?”

	Her mom replied, “Oh, I guess you didn’t hear. Your dad has been accused of killing people at the dog park and he is being locked up in jail now.”

	Kitty gasped and said, “No way! That can’t be true! There is no way my dad could do something like that!”

	Her mom sadly said, “I’m afraid it is true Kitty. The police have evidence that incriminates your father. I’m so sorry.”

	Kitty couldn’t believe it. She didn’t want to believe it. But it was all too real. Her dad was a murderer.