
Premise: The funeral is today. It's been six months to the day since Eliza died, and her husband still can't bring himself to accept it. He goes through the motions of living, but he can't see any purpose in it without her. When he's alone, he talks to her. Even now, he can't help but think that she'll answer him back.

Setting: The story is set in a small town in the middle of nowhere.

Characters:
Eliza Barlow: Eliza Barlow is a beautiful young woman with long curly hair and blue eyes.
Jack Barlow: Jack Barlow is a handsome young man with dark hair and blue eyes.


Outline:

1. Eliza died six months ago, and her husband Jack still can't accept it. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

        a. Eliza died of cancer. Scene:  Characters: Eliza Barlow

                i. Eliza is diagnosed with cancer. Scene: the hospital. Characters: Eliza Barlow

                ii. Eliza undergoes treatment. Scene: the hospital. Characters: Eliza Barlow

        b. Jack can't accept her death. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                i. Jack goes to her funeral. Scene: the funeral home. Characters: Jack Barlow

                ii. Jack spends the next six months grieving. Scene: the living room. Characters: Jack Barlow

2. Jack goes through the motions of living, but he can't see any purpose in it without her. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

        a. Jack goes to work. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow

                i. Jack goes to work. Scene: the office. Characters: Jack Barlow

                ii. Jack works on a project. Scene: the office. Characters: Jack Barlow

        b. Jack comes home from work. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow

                i. Jack comes home from work. Scene: the house. Characters: Jack Barlow

                ii. Jack goes to bed. Scene: the bedroom. Characters: Jack Barlow

3. When Jack is alone, he talks to her. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

        a. Jack talks to her. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                i. Jack tells her about his day. Scene: the bedroom. Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                ii. Jack tells her about the latest news. Scene: the living room. Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

        b. Jack tells her how much he misses her. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                i. Jack tells her that he can't go on without her. Scene: the bedroom. Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                ii. Jack tells her that the funereal is today. Scene: the living room. Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

4. Even now, Jack can't help but think that Eliza will answer him back. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

        a. Jack sees Eliza's ghost. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                i. Jack sees Eliza's ghost. Scene: the graveyard. Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                ii. Jack tries to talk to Eliza's ghost. Scene: the graveyard. Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                iii. Eliza's ghost doesn't say anything. Scene: the graveyard. Characters: Eliza Barlow

        b. Eliza's ghost tells Jack to let go. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                i. Eliza's ghost tells Jack to let go. Scene: the graveyard. Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                ii. Jack asks Eliza's ghost to stay. Scene: the graveyard. Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

        c. Jack realizes that Eliza is gone and he must move on. Scene:  Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                i. Jack goes to Eliza's grave. Scene: the graveyard. Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                ii. Jack finds Eliza's whistle. Scene: the graveyard. Characters: Jack Barlow, Eliza Barlow

                iii. Jack blows the whistle. Scene: the graveyard. Characters: Jack Barlow