	Eliza went down to the local doctor, and he told her, “You’ve got cancer.” The diagnosis was made in a matter-of-fact way, as though he were offering milk or butter. “And you’ll have to get rid of it, Eliza. You’re pregnant, you know. And we will have the baby-it will be tough, but we can do it. We can, and I promise you that everything will be fine. But I cannot stress enough how important it is for you to get that lump checked out by the doctor. Cancer – it’s a scary word, but we’ll deal with it. We’ll deal with it as a family. We just have to be strong. And once that lump is gone, then we can begin our lives together as a family-because we are a family, Eliza; we can be whatever we want to be.”

Eliza grabbed his hand and kissed it. “I love you, and I promise I will go to the doctor-tomorrow, okay? As soon as I get up tomorrow, I’ll go.”

Jack smiled at her. “Okay, I’m going to go see my dad now; I spoke to him on the phone just before you rang and he said he wanted to see me. He sounded funny-he said it was important. Just sit here for a second, I’ll be back in a few minutes.”

Eliza rested her head against the pillow and closed her eyes, listening to Jack’s soft footsteps as he walked down the hallway. She didn’t have to wait very long before he came walking back into the room with his father, who was shuffling more than walking, and leaning on Jack for support.

“It must be hard for her to walk,” said Eliza.

His father ignored the question and looked at his watch. “The funeral home closes in half an hour-if we’re going to get there on time, we need to leave now.”

There was a funeral home across the street from the hospital where Eliza was staying. They had come there right after Jack had spoken to one of the doctors, and had decided that it would be best not to wait until tomorrow to bury her. There wasn’t really any point, Jack had said; they were moving, and there was no way they would be able to come back here for the funeral.

They moved to a nearby armchair and sat down, with his father in the middle of them. They didn’t speak for almost a full minute. There was no movement in the room at all-not even a quiet creak as one of the doors opened and closed.

Finally, his father cleared his throat and said, “I want to thank you again for moving to be with us, Jack. It means a lot to me. Moving to the Midwest is hard enough as it is, but I think it might have been even harder if you weren’t here right now. This would have been too much for me to handle on my own. Thank you.”

That brought a tear to Jack’s eye and he wiped it away with an unsteady hand. “Thank you, dad,” he replied.

There was another uncomfortable silence as they all continued to sit in the armchair, with his father between them and each of their eyes focused on a different spot on the wall.

Finally, his mother broke the silence by asking, “Why are you here? You don’t even know her.”

Jack’s eyes darted to his father for support, but he didn’t get any. The old man was too busy trying to blink back his own tears.

“I know her, mom. We were married over four years- and I missed the first two of those years while I was in Iraq. So that brings our time in total up to six full years together, if you count the times when we lived in different states. And I think I know her pretty well after all that time.”

The old woman just sat there, looking at Jack angrily as though he was an imposter. Finally, she said, “She was a good girl. She would have moved to California with you if she had lived. But instead, you moved here to be closer to family, didn’t you? Why did you do that? Did you move here instead of moving to California because it would be easier for me to visit you here?”

Jack just stared back at her in a mixture of confusion and horror. He moved out here to live with his parents because they needed help. They were old, and they needed someone to drive them places and take care of them. He didn’t move out here because he wanted to be closer to his mother. He moved out here because he couldn’t live alone, not after Eliza had died.

The old woman stood up and began to pace around the living room. “You moved out here because it was easier for you, didn’t you? You don’t care about me. All you care about is moving to California. You’re just like your mother. She moved out here when she was twenty-five, just like you did, and then she turned her back on me when I got sick. She moved to California to be close to her friends, just like you did, and all I ended up with was this living room full of boxes.”

She moved to the door. “Well? What are you going to say now?”

Jack moved into the living room and grabbed the old woman’s hand before she could leave. “No, mother. I moved here because you needed me. I love you.”

“You don’t love me, Jack. You love Jane, and you know it! If Eliza were still alive, you wouldn’t have moved back east to live with me. If Eliza were still alive, you and I would be in California right now.”

“Jane is not Eliza. We were never going to move to California. Why did we have all those boxes out in the garage? Because we were going to move them into storage during the winter and then I was going to work on the house. We were going to do that together. That’s why we had the boxes out in the garage, mother!”

Mrs. Barlow turned around. “Oh, Jack,” she said wearily. “You moved your stuff out here because you moved to California, just like your father. You only came back east to be near Eliza while she was sick. Now that she’s gone, you’re moving back west just like your father before you. You don’t love me. You love California and the sunny beaches of Hollywood more than you love your own family!”

Jack was momentarily stunned. Moving to California was actually a thought that had occurred to him only recently – a fantasy he had entertained when he became upset about moving back east. But as quickly as this notion came to mind, he knew it wasn’t true. Moving to California would be an act of supreme cowardice.

“Move to California?” Jack said. “I can’t do that, not now. Not after you and dad worked so hard to get me the job here at the university. I love this job, mother! It’s the perfect position for me. I can move up the ranks here. This is where my work is going to be, my career is going to take off here. This is where I’ll raise my children someday. Move to California? No way, I can’t do that. Not now. There’s too much I want to accomplish here in Connecticut. Move there? That would be selfish. Besides, who cares about that anyway? You have to go on with your life eventually, why not now? You’re young and healthy. You still have energy and ambition. Why go on clinging like a barnacle to my shipwreck of a marriage?”

Jack was suddenly furious at what he had said. He felt badly, almost guilty. But his anger got the better of him, and he continued speaking as if having rehearsed his lines. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean that. But I can’t just sit around here and work at the gym all day. It doesn’t get me anywhere. It doesn’t accomplish anything. I have to keep busy, keep working on something important. Something meaningful. Otherwise I might just lose my mind. Work gives me structure. It gives me something to focus on, some purpose for being here at all. I can work on projects, and help out at the gym. And maybe, someday down the road, after a couple years or so? Maybe then I can move to California, start over, find someone new. But Jack, for now? Work is where I need to be.

Jack worked on a project about water treatment systems all afternoon, and began thinking again about his mother’s words later on in the day. He began second-guessing himself. She had probably been right, she always was. She didn’t want him to move away, and that was why she had brought up the subject. She had been lonely lately, which is why she kept calling him and talking so much on the phone.

Jack went home around five o’clock. He took a quick shower, and put on a suit and tie. His mother had made plans to get her hair cut later that night, and she wanted Jack to come with her.

“She wants you there because she wants to pick out your clothes,” he told himself as he walked upstairs.

Jack made himself a quick dinner of roast beef and vegetables before he went to his mother’s house.

His mother had started putting on weight since moving back east, and she was not happy about it. She was convinced that the extra pounds were the result of the food at Jack’s house, which she found to be lacking.

They arrived at the beauty salon a few minutes after seven. His mother fidgeted and checked her reflection in the window beside them before moving inside. The stylist was already waiting for them when they arrived. They moved over to a hair washing station, where the stylist put on a large cape.

“I can tell you two are twins,” she said as they moved to the styling station. “How old are you now? Twenty four?”

“We just turned twenty five,” his mother said.

They moved to a styling chair, and the stylist worked with them for more than an hour. His mother kept moving her head from side to side, and she made faces as she stared into her mirror. The stylist moved on to the next client, and then to another.

Jack moved down the street to go grocery shopping. He made a quick salad at home before he returned to his parents’ house.

His mother was in the kitchen when he arrived, and she moved close to him as soon as she saw him.

“It’s so good to have you here,” she said. “Where have you been all our lives?”

“I moved out of town for a new job about four years ago, and it never occurred to me that I could ever move back.”

She pushed him toward the couch. “Sit next to me and let’s talk.”

Jack watched the television while they ate dinner together, and then he went upstairs to change clothes. He returned with his suitcase to spend the night in their guest room.

“You don’t have to do that, you know,” she said. “You can sleep in our bed if you want to.”

“I won’t be able to sleep if I do that,” he said. “I need to sleep on the floor.”

“Why?” she asked him.

He moved his suitcase into the guest room and answered, “I always slept on the floor when we were together. Now that you’re gone, I can’t sleep any other way.”

“You moved your side of the bed into the guest room?” she asked.

“Yes, I did, because it was too empty with just one side of the bed in it.”

She moved next to him on the bed and they lay together talking for a while. Eventually they moved to the floor.

“Do you want to go to bed?” she said.

“Good night, my love,” he said. “I love you so much. I miss you so much. I’ve tried to move on with my life since you’ve been gone, but it’s so hard. Everything is just so empty without you. Nothing means anything anymore. Why did you leave me?”

She moved closer to him and said, “It wasn’t your time yet, Jack. We had to move on with our own lives.”

They moved back into the bed and were about to have sex when she said, “Wait! What are we doing? We can’t do this anymore!”

He moved back so he was lying next to her on the bed.

“I know,” he said. “But please stay with me a little longer. I need you right now.”

They moved back together on the bed and resumed having sex. But they kept stopping because it started making them both uncomfortable and sad again. They laid in bed, holding each other, crying for a long time. Eventually they fell asleep and Jack woke up after a couple of hours – he didn’t even realize that he had fallen asleep – to find her lying next to him, sound asleep. He lay there watching her sleep for a while before getting up to go to the bathroom. As he was walking back, she opened her eyes and looked up at him.

“Jack? Are you okay?”

He came back closer to the bed and answered, “I’m fine. I just had something important to tell you. Can we talk?”

“Of course. Go ahead.”

“Eliza, remember that day last summer when we got each other flowers and went out on our first date? Remember how much fun we had? Remember how happy we were?” Jack continued.

“Of course. You told me about it every day since then too.” she said with a smile on her face. “Tell me about today then.”

Jack paused for a moment and thought about it. “Today I felt the same way as I did day. Except today, the flowers weren’t because of you. They were from my new boss to tell me about my new job tomorrow morning. Tomorrow morning, I start working again after six months off to take care of you. That job is the reason why I haven’t gone completely insane yet.” Jack said this last part with a sigh and then thought about it again. “I don’t know, maybe my days just feel so long because we haven’t properly celebrated my birthday yet. Maybe we should do that tomorrow night?” he asked her. “Just us two? I promise I’ll tell you about my new job then too.”

Jack smiled. “That sounds like fun. Let’s do it then; just you and me, okay?”

Jack nodded and she smiled again, this time bigger than before. Jack told her about his day and he told her about the latest news. He told her about everything from his new boss to Donald Trump and then back to his new job again. He talked about everything he did that day and all of the things that he didn’t do too. He talked about everything that happened in his house, from the moment he woke up to the moment he went to bed. He told her about his dreams and his hopes and how he only got an hour of sleep last night because he just couldn’t stop thinking about her.

Halfway through, Eliza stopped listening. Her smile had disappeared and her face had dropped into her hands again. Jack stopped talking but continued to smile at her. He continued to look at the living room wall and he could tell that she didn’t hear him anymore. Jack knew she didn’t want to hear him say everything that he was saying, but he did anyway. He kept talking because he thought it would help, but now it was making things worse.

Jack watched her face as tears trickled down her cheeks and he could hear her sobbing. The living room door opened and closed softly as Eliza walked away from him, into the kitchen. Jack sat on the living room couch and watched her try to wipe her face with one hand while holding a wine glass with the other.

“Eliza?” Jack asked her. She didn’t answer him, but moved to the refrigerator and opened it.

“Did you go to the store?” she said to no one.

Jack moved toward her slowly, his legs weak. His eyes were filling with tears again now that he saw her crying. He didn’t want her to cry alone and he wanted to say everything that he thought might make her feel better, but he moved slowly because he was unsure if she wanted to hear it.

“I know you don’t want to hear me talk about it,” Jack said to her. He moved closer and stood behind her as she leaned against the fridge door.

“But I can’t stop,” he continued. “Every time I open my mouth you move away from me, but I need to tell you what happened today and how your life is going to be better soon now that I have this job and we can move.”

She moved away from the fridge and turned around to face him. She looked at him and then over his shoulder.

“Move?” she asked.

“I got a new job, a good one, and we can move now that I have the money, and if you want to go somewhere warm, we can go anywhere you want. There are so many places and I can take you to -”

“We?” she asked. She looked down at her feet. “What do you mean ‘we?’”

Jack sat down on the floor in front of her. “But you can come along, you can be there with me, we can talk about anything and everything -”

Eliza stood up and moved away from him. She turned back to him quickly though and said, “You say we as if I’m not here,” she said.

She moved again and went to the bedroom. She opened the door but didn’t enter. She moved closer to the door and looked inside.

Jack followed her into the bedroom. He looked around at the bed - a single bed - and then at Eliza.

“I moved your clothes,” she said. “And I tried to change things around, but it’s still the same bedroom, it’s still the same house. But you never move on, do you? You just sit here and you go through the motions of moving on, but that’s all you do. You don’t actually move on, you just sit here and talk to me like I’m not actually gone. Like this is some sort of delusion and I haven’t actually left you. Like I’ll be coming back one day. Like my death isn’t final, that it isn’t final. You can move on but I can’t, or you won’t let me?” she said.

Jack didn’t know how to reply to this. He stared at her for a second and then turned away.

“You know, you never did tell me where this new place is,” she said.

Jack turned around again to look at Eliza and thought about the answer. The room was empty except for Eliza and him, but it felt crowded now.

“It’s in the city, on the other side of town. It’s only about twenty miles from here. Just over there along the coast,” he said.

Eliza frowned and turned toward the window instead of Jack. She moved the curtain aside to look out. “Well at least it’s on the coast,” she said.

Jack moved a little bit closer to her and placed his hand on her arm. The movement startled her and she looked at him with an expression of surprise. She moved away from him and turned toward the side of the bed instead.

“Why are you moving?” she asked. “Aren’t you happy here? I mean, this is where we lived together, isn’t it? You know, when we were happy. This is the room that we shared.”

Jack moved a few steps closer to her and then sat down on the edge of the bed next to her. He was silent for a moment, but then continued to speak.

“It’s not that I don’t want to live here. I live here at the moment because I have nothing else, but that can change. I want to move out there so that we can be together again, you and me. We can be happy together and live in a nice house near the ocean, where it is green and warm all year round. It doesn’t snow there, does it?”

Eliza moved a little closer to him again and looked into his eyes.

“Tell me,” she said softly. “Why move to this place? Isn’t it just like our old place? Why not move somewhere else where it is warm and has green fields?”

Jack shrugged his shoulders. “It’s just the first place that came to mind, Eliza. I don’t want to be here anymore. It reminds me of you too much, and I can’t stand the thought of that.”

Eliza moved closer to him again.

“It reminds you of me? You know, Jack, I may be dead, but I can still feel your touch on my skin. I can still feel our bodies pressing together and how strong you were when you made love to me.”

Jack moved closer to her again, as close as the grave would allow him, and looked into her eyes.

Jack stared at her for a long moment before saying anything to her. He could feel his heart beat faster as he looked into her beautiful blue eyes and listened to her soft voice.

“I moved to this place because of you, Eliza. I can’t be here anymore because it is where you died, and that is where I will always remember you. That is where everyone will remember you, and nothing could be more painful than that.”

Eliza moved her cheek to Jack’s hand while he was still speaking, and she moved her body so that they were pressed against each other.

“Moving to a new place won’t lessen the pain of losing me, Jack. It won’t make our memories fade away. Moving to a new place – anywhere – will only be a way for you to forget me.”

Jack moved his hand away from Eliza’s cheek and he placed it on the top of her gravestone. “Moving will be a way for me to get my life back,” he said as he moved his other hand to the gravestone on the other side of Eliza’s grave. “Moving is a way for us to be together again.”

Eliza could tell that Jack was getting upset with her and she moved her head away from his hand so that she could move to the other side of the gravestone. “It will never be like it used to be,” she said.

Jack moved closer to Eliza so that they were standing right next to each other once again. “Moving will make it better,” he said as he reached out to hold her hand.

Eliza could feel the warmth coming from Jack’s body as his hand reached for hers and she pulled away from him before they touched. “I don’t want you to forget me, Jack,” she said. “I love you and I need you.”

Jack tried to talk to Eliza once again, but she didn’t say anything and he turned his head so that he could see her face as she looked at him coldly.

“You just need to get on with your life, Jack,” she said as she took a step away from him. “This is all I can do for you now.”

Jack tried to talk to her again but Eliza didn’t say anything and she disappeared before he could get a good look at her face. Jack tried to grasp for her hand but she was gone and he stared at the spot where she had stood, trying to understand what was going on.

Eliza’s ghost had been standing right next to Jack in the graveyard when she spoke to him, but there was no sign of her when he looked around. He knew that she had gone somewhere because he could feel her presence, but he couldn’t see her any longer.

Jack walked around the gravestones and looked carefully amongst the grass as if Eliza would suddenly appear and tell him that none of this was real and that he had been dreaming all of it. He couldn’t find Eliza anywhere and she didn’t say anything as he searched, but she did nothing to stop him either.

It was clear to him that she couldn’t see him any more either. She looked like a ghost to everyone else, but her eyes were open and her ghostly appearance wasn’t accompanied by a translucent white glow like what he had seen in Halloween movies. She was just invisible to everyone except for Jack.

Eliza’s ghost didn’t say anything as Jack walked around the graveyard, but he could tell that she was happy with how things had turned out. Eliza’s ghost had been one of the nicest ghosts that he ever knew, and it was wonderful to see her again. She deserved a happy ending and so did he. She didn’t say anything at all during their time in the graveyard.

Jack watched her for a while longer and then he went over to his car. There was a lot that he wanted to do in the days ahead, but there was also a lot of unfinished business that had to be taken care of before that could happen. Eliza’s ghost didn’t say anything as Jack got into his car, but she was looking at him again.

Jack wanted to tell her how much he appreciated what she had done for him after he had lost her. He wanted to thank her and ask her if there was any way that she could finish the job so that he wouldn’t have to let go. Jack wanted to tell her that she had done enough and that it was time for him to move on with the rest of his life. He wanted Eliza’s ghost to know that she didn’t have to be invisible any longer, and that she didn’t have to let go.

Jack said to her, “Eliza, please don’t leave me alone. Let go of me!”

Eliza said nothing at all.

Jack said to her, “Let go of me! Let me go! Let go! Please let me go!”

Jack tried to hold on to her, but she was gone.

Eliza’s ghost told him not to fight it and asked Jack to let go of what he was holding onto and then move on with his life. Jack asked her why, and Eliza told Jack that she wanted him to let go so that she could finally let go of him.

Jack’s ghost told Eliza that he didn’t want to move on. He didn’t want to let go of her. He didn’t want to live his life without her. Eliza asked Jack what he would do if she stayed.

Jack said to her, “I want you to stay.” He wanted some sort of assurance that the ghost in front of him was really there, and so he asked her to repeat the question. More quietly this time, she asked again if he wanted her to stay. When Eliza repeated the question a third time, Jack said that he did want her to stay, and so she told him that if he really wanted her to stay then she would.

Jack took a step toward the gravestone and then stopped. Eliza’s grave, Jack thought with the sudden realization of what he was doing. He was going to visit Eliza’s grave. He wasn’t visiting her body; he was visiting her grave. He was burying her all over again, this time without a body to bury. Jack took another step toward Eliza’s grave and started to weep. “Please don’t go,” he said choking on his words. “Please don’t leave me. Please stay with me. Don’t go away again. Please don’t go away.”

Eliza said that she wouldn’t leave him and that she would never go away again, but Jack was already moving toward the gravestone. He stopped when he got there and slowly walked around the gravestone looking for her whistle, which Eliza always wore around her neck. With each whistle he blew, Jack felt a hole opening up in his chest.

Jack found Eliza’s whistle under a rose bush that grew by the gravestone. He picked the rose petals off of it and blew the whistle several times, but when he stopped blowing, he felt empty again.

Jack blew the whistle one last time and put it in his pocket. The whistle was cold in his hand, and it felt heavy with Eliza’s absence. Jack wiped the tears from his face, put on his coat and left the graveyard feeling as if all hope had been drained from him. He sat down on a park bench and looked up at the winter sky. Jack couldn’t stop thinking about Eliza, but he knew that she was right. It was time for him to let go of his past and move on with his life. But it didn’t mean that he had to like it.

Jack blew the whistle one more time, and then he put it in his pocket and left the park. He walked for a few blocks until he came to a small flower shop on the corner of Fifth Avenue and 57th Street and went inside. Jack bought mums, gardenias, geraniums, and roses and took them back to Eliza’s grave. He arranged the flowers around the base of the headstone and then sat down on the ground and leaned against it.

Jack stayed there until it started to get dark, and then he got up and brushed the dirt off of his hands. He looked at the headstone one last time and then turned and walked away.