Jack Barlow woke up in the morning and got out of bed. He walked into the bathroom and turned on the shower. As he waited for it to heat up, he looked at his reflection in the mirror and saw a man he didn’t know anymore. He used to be a young man with clear blue eyes and dark hair. Now his eyes were red from crying, and his hair was getting whiter by the minute. When he turned off the shower, he dried off and put on some clothes. Then he walked into the kitchen to make breakfast for himself.

When he was finished, he sat down at his dining room table and looked out of his window for a few minutes while he ate. Outside, it was a cold winter day, but that didn’t bother Jack as much as it used to. Now that his wife Eliza  was gone, what did it matter what the weather was like?

He ate his breakfast while trying to remember the last time Eliza had been in the kitchen making him breakfast. It seemed like it had been years ago. He couldn’t remember if she’d taken any interest in cooking anymore before she died. Eliza was always busy with other things, like herjob and taking care of their house. The only thing she ever really did for him was make sure he had clean clothes to wear every day and food to eat. That wasn’t too much to ask, was it? How hard could it be to wash a few shirts and make some sandwiches?

He finished his breakfast and walked over to where the dishwasher sat. He opened the door and placed his dishes inside, then turned on the machine. As he closed the door, he thought about how much Eliza would have enjoyed having that machine around when she was living here. There was no way she would have washed his dishes by hand if she had been able to do that. Eliza liked life to be as easy and convenient as possible, and she wouldn’t stand for doing any work that didn’t have to be done.

When he was finished loading the dishwasher, he reached into the top drawer of his desk and pulled out an envelope that had been there for months and carried it into the living room. He sat down on his sofa and took a deep breath as he opened the envelope. When he pulled out the letter inside, he saw that it was dated more than six months ago. It was from Eliza,and it said that she had decided to leave him. She said that there was no chance of them getting back together, and she enclosed a photo of her sleeping with another man. Jack couldn’t believe what he was seeing. He threw the photo back into the envelope and stood up. He couldn’t understand why Eliza would do this to him. They had been married for eight years and had two great kids together. They never really fought or got into any serious arguments. There was no reason for her to leave him for another man, especially after promising him that she would never do something like this as long as they were married.

He walked over to his bedroom and sat down on the bed. He got out his cell phone and started looking at the name of her lover. She had taken up with some guy named Adam Wilson, and Jack couldn’t believe it. Why did she have to sleep with him? She had no good reason to do this, and he could not figure out why she would do this to him. He was going to think about what happened for a while, so he turned off his phone and put it back in his pocket.

Jack walked back into the living room and sat down on the sofa.He looked around the room and noticed that everything looked like it always did. The same old furniture was there, and all of his wife’s things were also still in place. He started reminiscing about the last time he had spent with his wife. They had been at a concert in the park, and they had both enjoyed themselves thoroughly. She had rested her head on his shoulder, and they sang along with the band as they played their favorite songs over the radio. They had talked about how much fun they’d had that night, and how nice it was to be able to do something like that together with their kids. Jack picked up the photograph of them at the concert and started thinking about all of these things again. He had no idea that everything would change so drastically in a matter of days.

He took out his cell phone again and started looking at her pictures again. He remembered how much fun they had once again, but this time he was looking at an entirely different picture. The one that he was holding in his hands showed a younger version of himself with Eliza standing next to him. She looked just like she did during their last date when they were dancing together at the concert. They were both smiling in the picture, and hehad his arm wrapped around her waist. He was also holding a drink in his hand, and Eliza was holding one, too. However, they weren’t drinking anything at the park. The couple in the photograph wasn’t wearing any wedding rings because they weren’t married. The man she was with was holding her other hand instead of Jack.  In fact, Jack wasn’t even wearing a shirt in the photo because he had only been at home for a few minutes when she came home with her new lover.

Jack stood up and went to sit on the couch, but he couldn’t sit down just yet. Instead, he held onto the photograph tightly as his mind started racing with questions about his wife’s behavior. He tried to call them all up on his memory, but he couldn’t remember if she had been acting strangely or not. He knew that as soon as he sat down to try to think about what was happening, it would all rush back to him. That is why he stood in front of the window again for a while. He didn’t even notice that it was raining outside, nor did he hear the sound of the police sirens coming towards his house. Allhe knew was that his wife had betrayed him and that he shouldn’t have been surprised by it. He also knew that there wasn’t anything more to be done about it, and that she would probably never come back to him now.

He had tried calling her on the phone a few times since they got home, but she hadn’t answered any of his calls. Eliza didn’t want to talk to him right now, and there was nothing he could do about it. Adam didn't want to talk to him either, but that wasn't so surprising because Adam was Eliza's lover.

About ten minutes later, he sat down on the couch and stared at the photograph again. Now Jack had more questions than he had when he first saw it. One of them was, “How long have they been seeing each other?” He didn’t know if she had started having an affair with Adam after their daughter was born or not. Maybe it had even been going on before then.

   He tried to imagine what she should have done differently, and all he could think of was that she should have kept her love for him as strong as ever, but she obviously hadn’t done that. How could someone stay in love with someone else while they were married?  And even if she had beenable to do it, why would she have the need to see other men while she was married?

   Jack couldn’t even imagine that happening. He would never want to be with anyone else but her, no matter what happened between the two of them. He realized that there was a possibility that Eliza felt the same way, but her actions indicated otherwise.

   After fifteen minutes passed he got up and went over to his desk, where he picked up a sheet of paper and wrote something down. Then he turned around and looked at the picture again for inspiration before he rewrote the message from Eliza on the note. After staring at it for a minute, he stuck it on the table next to the picture and then left his apartment.

   When Jack arrived at the hospital to pick up his daughter, he found her in the children’s ward with Adam Wilson, who was holding her in his arms while she slept.

Adam turned around as soon as Jack came into the room and said, “Hello there.”

“Hello,” Jack replied while staring at Adam. He thought that it was strange that Eliza would leave their daughter with Adam when she knew that Jack might come topick her up.

   “How have you been since the last time I saw you?” Adam asked while he gently stroked Abbie’s hair.

“Not good,” Jack answered while he tried to keep his gaze on the floor instead of looking at Eliza’s lover. “I don’t know how I can cope with not having her here anymore. She was everything to me, and now I don’t know what I am supposed to do with myself or how to live without her.”

“You should get some help with that,” Adam said while he continued to look at Jack. “There are people out there who can help you heal and move on with your life. Have you talked to anyone about what happened?”

“No, I haven’t had time for that and I don’t know if I want anyone else but her helping me through this, even though it would be easier if someone else were. I guess I should have done that a long time ago, but I wanted to wait until Eliza got back from vacation so she could help me through this.”“I know it’s hard. I wish there was something I could say to make it all better. I can see how much pain you are in and I’m sorry that you are going through this. Please know that if there is anything you need, just let me know.”

Adam stood up and offered his hand to Jack. Jack was touched by Adam’s kindness and gave him a firm handshake before he headed towards the door with his daughter in his arms.

“I hope that nothing ever happens to you, Jack Barlow, because I don’t think that Eliza will take it well if you leave her alone forever.”

Jack smiled at Adam and nodded his head in thanks before he walked out of the room with Abbie now in his arms. He was so full of grief that he could hardly stand up straight and had to focus on not falling over because he felt like he was going to pass out at any moment. He took some deep breaths and tried to talk to himself in order to calm down, but nothing seemed to work and he continued walking towards the elevator until he was finally able to control his breathing again.He stood in the elevator for a moment, fighting back tears and trying to focus on his little girl.

	The doors opened and he walked out of the hospital and back onto the sidewalk. It was a beautiful day outside with light blue skies and puffy clouds floating by. Jack looked up at the sky as he crossed one of the streets on his way home. The sun was warm against his face and he enjoyed having it shine on him after being inside for so long. He had not realized how much time had passed, but by the time he got home it was already dark outside. He opened the door to his house quietly so as not to wake Abbie who was sleeping in her room.

He slipped off his shoes and made sure that she was covered with a blanket before he turned off the light beside her bed. He sat down in an armchair next to her bed and looked down at her peaceful face for a moment, almost feeling guilty for being happy that she was asleep because he knew that she would wake up happy in the morning while he would still be miserable. He gave her a kiss on the forehead and moved the chair closer to the bed before leaning back into it and closing his eyes so that all he could see is Abbie’sface.

Jack sat there for a long time just listening to her breathing. It was slow and steady and he had never thought about or noticed how loud or quiet it was before. He felt Abbie’s body go limp as she fell asleep. He closed his eyes again, but this time not to see Abbie, but Eliza. His mind drifted back to the day they met, and to the night he found out she had cancer.

Eliza had been working at a grocery store where Jack frequented often. One day he noticed that Eliza was working the cash register, and he smiled at her when she looked up at him to bag his groceries. Her smile was beautiful even though her tooth seemed to be in the wrong place on one side of her mouth. When she finished bagging everything, she bent over backwards a little too far and spilt some of the bags onto the floor as she straightened up. Jack chuckled and said “be more careful next time” as he bent over to pick them up for her.

She smiled at him again, laughed, and apologized saying it was her first day working there, and that she didn’t mean to knock the bags off the counter. He told hernot to worry about it, and then walked out of the store with his groceries. There was something about her smile that made him feel better, so he decided to go back later that day just so he could see her smile again. That night, Eliza was at the register again and Jack noticed that she had rearranged the tooth in her mouth so it appeared to be in place again.

He felt his heart stop beating for a minute when he looked at her, but he quickly recovered himself and paid for his groceries. He quickly walked out of the store and took an extra long route back home so that he could walk past the grocery store again. Jack remembered thinking that there was something special about Eliza; even though she was nothing like his usual type of partner. He went to the store every day after work to see her, and to talk with her. It took a few days before he worked up the courage to ask her out on a date. After three weeks of dating, he asked Eliza if she would marry him and raise his child as her own if something happened to him. She told him that yes, she would marry him if he asked her again in a week. And so, on a cold January night, Jack got down on oneknee and asked Eliza to marry him.

Eliza said yes, but it was obvious that she was not happy. She had been at the store for a while, and she felt like she couldn’t get away from it. She told Jack that she would have to quit her job so they could be together, but Jack told her that he was happy for her to keep working if she wanted to and that he could help her out financially. He told her as well about the offer he had made to Abbie, and how Eliza would have to help raise Abbie’s child if anything happened to him. It was the first time that he had spoken about the offer in which Eliza would have to take care of Abbie’s child. She looked at Jack with surprise, but did not say anything. She just smiled at him again like always.

The next day, Eliza quit her job at the grocery store and she spent all of her free time with Jack. Shortly after, Eliza told Jack that she was pregnant. The pregnancy was going well, and the couple were married a month later in a small ceremony attended only by Jack’s parents and Abbie’s parents.It was the same evening as Jack’s grandfather’s death, but Eliza was happy to be marrying him. Jack said that if anything ever happened to him, he wanted Eliza to marry Abbie. He said that he thought it would make everyone happy, and that it would give some purpose to their lives in the future. Jack’s parents were delighted by the turn of events, and they decided to have a party to celebrate Jack’s wedding and his grandfather’s death. They chose a date six months away for the party, with hopes that Eliza would be well enough by then to attend and keep everyone company.

Six months later, on the exact same evening, Jack and Eliza returned from a visit to the hospital where Eliza was still recovering from an emergency surgery. She had been in a critical condition for two days since her initial diagnosis, but when they had visited her twice before the surgery she was able to talk with them briefly and told Jack that she loved him and would always take care of him. She asked him what he would do after she was gone. When they returned from the hospital today, Jack looked very weary, and Abbie said that if he wanted to rest then he should go aheadand go.

Eliza said that they couldn’t leave her like this, so she would stay and rest with them. Jack smiled at her reassuringly, but he was feeling ill himself. After his grandfather’s funeral two days earlier, Jack had started having nightmares again- the ones about his wife dying over and over again. Eliza saw the expression on his face and held him even more tightly than before. He hadn’t been able to sleep in two days, and was starting to feel like she had been when she was sick.

At that moment, Jack’s mother came into the room with a drink for Eliza and they all sat down together. The conversation started normally, but eventually became about Jack’s nightmares. Abbie and Eliza agreed that Jack should try sleeping with a night light again to get rid of them. Jack said it would only help him for so long; he doubted it would make much difference if he had one or not at all. He was sure that his dreams of her death would always torment him until the day he dies, too.

That night, when they were sure that everyone else in the house was asleep, Jack went downstairs to talk with Eliza. Hesat next to her in the darkroom and she stroked his hair and kissed him until he fell asleep.

    	Jack woke up in the early morning hours and tiptoed back to bed. Eliza was still sleeping, so he dressed quietly and walked out into the rain to get some fresh air. The street lights shone brightly through the misty rain as he made his way down the street towards town.

As Jack walked, he thought about his grandfather’s death and how it had affected him, especially now that Eliza was dead, too. His father had told him that his grandfather had been sick for a while before he died. Even though he knew this, Jack couldn’t help thinking of all the things they might have done together if his grandfather hadn’t gotten sick- the walks in the woods, fishing trips, and all the other things they used to do together.

Jack reached town just as it started to get light out. The streets were empty except for a few people hurrying into shops and restaurants, getting ready for another day at work or school. From this distance, he could see that all of the restaurants on Main Street were closed up for good. He could see a smallgroup of men gathered on the corner, drinking coffee together while they waited for their chance to head out to the ocean and start their fishing day.

Jack turned around and walked back home. When he reached the house, he saw that everything was dark. It was still raining outside, too hard for anyone to be outside. He couldn’t see Eliza in the living room or the bedroom, so he went upstairs to look in on her. He slowly opened her bedroom door and tiptoed inside.

Eliza’s side of the bedroom was painted blue while his side was pink. The walls were covered with pictures of her family and friends, most of them smiling but some of them with tears running down their faces. Jack looked at all of these pictures, remembering them as if they were his own memories.

The room smelled strongly of Eliza’s perfume. When he opened the closet door, it smelled even stronger. He leaned over Eliza’s dresses and gently touched her wedding dress, which hung on the back wall of the closet. It still had her name on it in white embroidery thread.

He glanced around one more time and then left the room. He walked down the stairs andwent into the living room, where he saw Eliza sitting cross-legged on the floor with her knees drawn up to her chest. She was rocking back and forth.

Jack sat down next to her on the floor, leaned over, and held her hands in his. He gently shook them. “Eliza?” he said softly. Still, she didn’t answer him. Jack sat there for a long time rocking back and forth with Eliza, not really knowing what to do or what to say. Everything he said felt wrong- it was almost as if she would answer him back if he spoke loud enough or long enough. Jack began to notice that there was a smell of alcohol in the room, and he wondered where Adam Wilson got it from.

Adam came in through the front door with a bottle of liquor in his hand, sloshing it as he walked. When he saw Jack on the floor holding Eliza’s hands, he frowned and walked across the room to them. He looked at both of them for a moment and then sighed before taking another swig from the bottle.

 “How is she doing?” Adam asked finally.

Jack didn’t reply at first, soAdam looked over at Eliza. She was rocking back and forth in the same pattern that Jack had been doing.

“Okay, I guess,” Jack said finally.

Adam nodded, but then suddenly asked out of nowhere, “Do you want me to stop seeing her?”

Jack felt his jaw drop as he struggled to find the words. “I- I don’t know what to say. It isn’t my business anymore. It was never really my business, but it was my wife.”

Adam laughed bitterly and shook his head before taking another drink of the liquor. “Never your wife, Jack. She never loved you like you thought she did.”

Jack felt anger rise up in his throat, but he swallowed it down and nodded. He had heard this a million times already and he didn’t know what to say about it anymore. Jack stood up and walked out of the room so that Adam could talk to Eliza alone- this was their business now, not his. Adam had been crying, but when he saw Jack going out of the room, they stopped. He said something about watching over her while Jack was gone.Jack nodded and left.

    The next day, people came to see him to give their condolences. They talked for a while about how much Eliza had meant to them. Jack started drinking heavily after they left because he couldn’t be bothered with conversations like that. The only person who didn’t leave was Abbie, and she asked if she could tell him a story. Jack nodded and listened with half an ear as she talked about her life with her wife before she died- how they met, how they fell in love, etc… She told him that it hadn’t been easy for them at all and that there had been times when they thought about calling it quits. She said that the pain and sorrow never fully left them until she passed away.

  Eventually, Abbie finished and asked Jack if he wanted to hear another story or if there was anything else she could do for him. Jack said that he would like another story, but the only thing that Jack really wanted was to forget everything that had happened.

Eliza sat on the ground rocking back and forth. She would still talk sometimes, but it was in a mumble when she did. Her eyes would flicker open and close slowly as if she was trying to stay awake but couldn’t.