	Aimee Kincaid came home to an empty apartment. She found the silence deafening. She felt alone, even though she had spent the day around people, listening to them talk and laugh and complain. She knew how it sounded when a person sat in solitude after a long trip. She would return from a long journey and sit on her bed and watch the light through the blinds or listen to her neighbor’s conversations with his wife on their balcony.

But she had never been home alone like this. Maybe that was why she felt so strange. So different, out of place. The solitude was new to her.

She went into the bathroom and turned on the shower and then, without really knowing why she wanted to, she moved through the apartment turning on all the lights. She turned them on in the kitchen, in her bedroom, even in the closet where nothing but old clothes were kept neatly folded. She lit candles strategically placed around the room so that shadows could not obscure her vision or movement. She sat on her couch and listened to the silence, stared at the flickering lights, waiting for them to hypnotize her into a dreamy state of mind.

She was very tired but could not sleep. She stood up and found her way to the bedroom where she stripped off her clothes, put on a nightgown, and climbed into bed. She turned off all the lights except for the bedside lamp and lay there listening to the ticking of the wall clock and to the faint drone of cars passing on the street below. Silence was the only sound in the apartment now, and it was completely deafening.

Aimee felt a sudden sense of panic and fear. She had the feeling that someone was watching her, that someone or something was waiting for her to be completely vulnerable before striking out at her. She found herself looking around her apartment, trying to see something or someone who could be causing this feeling. But she found nothing there, only the light from the lamp moving gently against her walls and ceiling. Silence was all around her, and it seemed so absolute that she felt as if she were being smothered by its weight. Silence was all-encompassing. In her apartment.

Silence was all-encompassing in her own small corner of the world, and it was suffocating to her. Silence pressed in on her from all sides, making it hard for her to breathe, and she felt suddenly overwhelmed by it. She started to cry.

She cried because the silence was terrifying. She cried because it was so loud, so overwhelming. She cried because she felt alone in a way that no one should have to feel alone, her own small safe island surrounded by an ocean of noise and voices that had suddenly turned into nothing more than a silent and lonely roaring emptiness.

She felt exhausted and drained, drained of all the energy it took to simply get through her day. She felt lonely, unable to see past the walls that surrounded her, unable to even reach out for something solid with which she could hold on. She felt defeated by the silence around her because she knew that it would never be silent again, at least not for a very long time.

She cried because there was no one in her apartment, there was no where else to go, there was nothing else to do but cry and wonder why the hell she had ever come back in the first place. She cried because she suddenly felt so alone, more alone than even being at work with all those people who were unable to see past her mask, and all she wanted was to be surrounded by voices and noise.

She kept crying as she washed her face and brushed her teeth, crying because there was no one else to help her, because she was so exhausted, and because she was just so very tired. She almost didn’t notice the knocking at the door, and even when she did, it seemed like it couldn’t possibly be real.

But it was.

Kyle Johnson stood on the other side of her door, waving his hands in the air to get her attention. He had a smile on his face that she couldn’t quite make out through the peep hole.

“Hi, it’s me! Kyle! Come on, open up! I promise I don’t have my penis out or anything, just come on and open up. Wait, is your penis out? Just come on!”

Aimee opened the door wide enough for Kyle to peek inside. He pushed his way inside and closed the door behind him.

“Jesus, what the hell happened to you? You look like shit.”

Aimee wasn’t sure whether to be offended by that remark or not, so she chose to ignore it and instead asked, “What are you doing here?”

Kyle was trying to figure out how to answer that question when Aimee added, “Why are you just standing there in the hallway? Why aren’t you inside? Don’t you have a key or something?”

“Dude, shut up and come on. You look exhausted and I came over to see if you wanted to hang out for awhile. We could go catch a movie or something if you want.”

Aimee decided that the best response to Kyle’s suggestion would be, “I’m kind of tired tonight, but I appreciate the offer. Maybe some other time? Or are you just stopping by to drop off those books?”

Kyle did have a handful of books in his hands, but there were also a couple of DVD cases in his hand as well. Kyle glanced down at the various DVDs and CD’s in his hands and said, “I was also thinking that we could watch some movies, if you like. We could order a pizza, or something if you’re feeling up to it. What say we watch something on your big screen? We can share those books and trade DVD’s and CD’s. I can even mix us up some drinks to watch our movie. We can make a night of it. It would be good bonding time for us. Would that be cool with you?” Kyle had a confident and slightly amused look on his face, and Aimee recognized it as the usual expression he wore when he had a great idea.

Kyle had always loved movies and music and was always sharing his favorites with everyone around him, even though they were usually far out of the mainstream. Aimee still hadn’t seen any of the independent films he had talked about and the few rock albums he had played for her were so obscure that she hadn’t recognized names like Bob Dylan or The Beatles.

Aimee immediately thought that watching a movie with Kyle sounded wonderful and decided to put on a smile and say yes, because she knew how important it was to him. She was completely exhausted and usually stayed up too late at night when she had nothing to do, which wasn’t often. Her energy was low tonight as well. She was having trouble picturing sitting through a movie and then sitting down to chat about it with Kyle.

The two sat down on the couch, each with their own drinks. They started talking about music and movies. Aimee told Kyle that he was into all these weird movies and music that no one else had heard of, but Kyle said the same about her favorite authors and musicians.

Aimee’s eyes lit up at being able to talk about books and movies with someone else who loved them as much as she did, but Kyle was having a hard time getting into it. He wanted to be listening and watching a movie at the same time, and he was finding it hard to do both at the same time.

Kyle Johnson took out a packet of candy from his jacket pocket and offered Aimee some. They sat in silence for a few moments while munching on their treats, each lost in their own thoughts. Aimee finally spoke. “I struggle with connecting to people,” she said. “There’s a lot of things I want to share about myself, but I don’t know who I can talk to about them. And sometimes I worry that no one will understand what I have to say.”

Kyle was silent for a moment. “I know how that feels,” he said softly.

“It must be really difficult being in advertising,” Aimee said. “You have to deal with a lot of people all the time, and if you can’t connect with them… I just couldn’t do that. I would be terrible at it.”

“Like you said, it is a struggle,” Kyle said slowly. “And sometimes I wonder if it’s worth it. But then I feel selfish for feeling that way because I do enjoy the job.” He paused and looked at Aimee, who was studying the TV intently. “But as you said, when it comes to life in general, I have a hard time connecting with people.”

Aimee glanced up at Kyle. She felt grateful to him for listening and not interrupting her. “I don’t mean this in a bad way, Kyle, but you seem like the kind of guy who doesn’t care about what people think of him. You never seem to worry about what other people are thinking of you.”

Kyle nodded slowly. “I suppose that’s true, but I can sense when I’m being judged by other people, even if it’s not obvious. And it makes me feel alone in the world. It drives me nuts and sometimes I feel like I want to run away.”

Aimee felt a pang in her chest. She had never shared this feeling with anyone before, and she was startled to hear Kyle admit he felt the same way. Kyle seemed so calm and confident when he talked about his feelings. He really understood what Aimee was saying, which made her feel even more isolated from the world than before. She was still clutching her old teddy bear in her hands. “Sometimes I wish I could be like you, Kyle. Sometimes I feel like I’m stuck inside my own head and the world is a big scary place and I just want to hide under my bed or something. Sometimes I feel like when I’m alone, that no one really cares about me and it makes me sad.”

Kyle looked at her with pity in his eyes, not judging her for acting childishly. “You know, Aimee, I think everyone feels that way at times. You aren’t the only one who gets nervous when you’re alone in a room full of strangers or if your family is acting a little distant. It’s okay to feel lonely sometimes, and it makes perfect sense that you do since you are alone so much. But it doesn’t mean you don’t have friends, that you don’t have people who care about you. It just means that you’re a little nervous by yourself, that’s all. Being alone can be scary for anyone! That’s normal.”

Aimee nodded in agreement, not saying anything right away and sort of smiling at the fact that Kyle hadn’t made fun of her or told her she was acting like a wimp. She wasn’t sure if she believed him or not, but it was nice to hear that someone else understood what she felt and didn’t act like she needed to suck it up or something.

“I know how much I want to be with other people when I feel lonely too, Aimee. It’s a natural human emotion! I know that whenever I’m having a tough time with something, I just want to crawl into bed and not come out until the next morning when everyone is gone. But those feelings will pass. And then I’ll feel better and glad that I didn’t do what I initially wanted to do, which was just wallow in my own self-pity.”

Aimee furrowed her brows at Kyle. “I never want to be around other people when I’m lonely,” she said. “I just want to be alone. But it doesn’t always help even if I do that, especially if it’s late at night and there’s no one else around to talk to or anything. When I’m lonely, there’s nothing that anyone else can do. The only thing that would make me feel better is to be with a guy who actually understands what I’m going through and wants to be around me. But you don’t see a lot of guys like that, do you?” She shook her head.

“It’s not easy to find guys who are as understanding as you are, either,” she said. “I wish there were more girls out there like you and Jessica. Guys like David are so rare in this world. I mean, who would think that someone like him would be friends with me?” She smiled sadly at her own words.

Kyle gazed at Aimee for a few seconds, then shrugged and said with a casual smile, “You’ve got to have something to balance out my craziness. Even though I can be a little too intense sometimes, I’m sensitive to other people’s needs. And if being understanding is wrong, I don’t want to be right.”

Aimee smiled at him then nodded, as if giving him an answer. She felt completely relaxed and comfortable around Kyle. That hadn’t happened to her in a while, not to this extent.

He yawned and Aimee couldn’t help but smile. She yawned too as they got up and headed towards her room. Kyle said goodnight to her parents, who were sitting on the couch in the living room watching TV, and Aimee said goodbye to him shortly after. She waved goodbye to him from the door and then turned around and looked at her bedroom.

Kyle had made her bedroom seem a lot cozier with his presence, she thought to herself. He had also made her feel less alone, a feeling that Aimee wasn’t used to.

She shut the door behind her and said goodbye one last time to Kyle through the window. She then closed all the blinds and locked her door, went over to her bed, lay down on it and turned off the light. She couldn’t remember the last time she had said goodbye to anybody and felt so…

Aimee sighed. She didn’t know how to describe the feeling.

It was a feeling of sadness, yet also a feeling of comfort, a feeling or warmth and hope for the future, she thought to herself. She thought Kyle had said goodbye to her before, but it didn’t seem as real as this did, like Aimee had just said goodbye to someone who she knew could be trusted with her secrets and who would still be there for her when she needed him.

It was a feeling that Aimee had only felt once before, she thought to herself.

Aimee got up off of her bed and went over to her bookcase, opened one of the drawers at the bottom of it and started putting away her books.

She was feeling less and less like sleeping, but she knew that she had a long day ahead of her tomorrow at work, so she turned off the light, closed her eyes and tried to sleep.

But sleep wouldn’t come. It never did anymore these days, but Aimee rarely ever complained about it, because she knew that there were people who had it worse than her.