Aimee Kincaid walked through the deserted corridor of her apartment building, feeling the silence of her empty home amplify her loneliness. She had been living in the apartment for over two years and she loved the space, it was perfect for her needs, but she was tired of being alone. Every night after she got home from work, the silence in her apartment ate away at her until it became overwhelming. While other girls she knew jumped at the opportunity to come home to their own place just like this one, Aimee always seemed to have a problem with it. She didn’t want to be alone anymore and if finding someone meant having to move, she would do it without hesitation. For now though, she had no choice but to stay in her own place.

    As she reached the end of the hall, Aimee peeped into the living room to make sure she wasn’t missing anything and then walked through the kitchen and opened the door to her bedroom on her left.
	Her eyes widened as she surveyed the room to see if anything was out of place. If she was missing any shoes or clothes, then someone had been here. She was certain there weren’t any signs of intrusion, but that didn’t change the fact that it still felt weird to be standing in a completely empty apartment. Aimee quickly made her way to the small bathroom through the open closet door and closed it behind her. She began to unlock and unbuckle her belt and unbutton her jeans, but hesitated when she heard another sound in the hall.

	She stood completely still until she was sure of what she had heard. The sound was a little more audible and definitely closer this time.
	Aimee made it to the door in a few seconds and held her breath as she slowly turned the knob and opened the door just enough so that she could see out into the hall without letting any light escape. There were no sounds and nothing moved, so Aimee stepped out of the bedroom just as quietly and closed the door again.

	She walked back to the master bedroom that seemed so much smaller than it had when it was full of boxes and furniture. It looked empty even though there was still clutter on most surfaces. Her bed was still made, but the sheets were rumpled and one corner was slightly lower than it should be. The closet door was closed and locked so that meant whoever had been in her apartment hadn’t been inthere. The only possible places left to look were the bathroom and her living room, so Aimee left the bedroom and walked through the empty apartment until she got to her bathroom.

	She opened the door slowly and peered out to see nothing, so she closed the door behind her and locked it again. She checked all of the drawers once again, but found them empty as well. Satisfied with her search, Aimee left the bathroom for last and headed back to her living room.

	Her living room was also empty of furniture except for a few boxes that Aimee hadn’t had time to unpack yet. She walked through this room and turned toward the front door when she heard a shuffling noise come from the hallway.

	She stood still until there was another noise, this time from behind her in the living room. Aimee took a step toward the sounds and then froze as she realized something wasn’t right about it. The noise wasn’t coming from down the hallway, but rather closer to her and it wasn’t a shuffling noise at all. Instead there was a low muffled sound coming from somewhere behind the couch in her living room and it sounded like someone was crying.
	Unnerved by this, Aimee walked cautiously toward the living room couch to investigate. She stopped for a moment before reaching it, wondering what she might find when she got there, if anything at all. She looked around the living room for any suspicious items that might have been left behind by an intruder, but there was nothing.
	Aimee stood next to the couch and took a deep breath before looking under it. She had only taken a short step forward when she noticed a shoe lying on the floor in front of her. It was one of her brown boots, which made no sense because she wore them to work that day and had taken them off only when she arrived home.

	Aimee bent down to pick up the shoe and wondered what it meant. It seemed out of place for an intruder to leave behind one of their own shoes, but if they were trying to be subtle why would they leave anything? Whatever had happened that night, Aimee couldn’t go on like this anymore. She needed answers and so she reached under the couch with one hand and grabbed the other shoe before pulling it out onto the floor.
	Aimee inspected both of them carefully before a horrifying thought crossed her mind.If her shoes weren’t in there, where were they?
	Fear suddenly gripped Aimee as she stood up and looked around the room again. She hadn’t seen a sign of anyone else in the apartment and normally she would have thought that was a good thing, but now she wasn’t so sure. What if whoever had been in there took her shoes too?

	Aimee walked back over to the couch and looked under it again just to make sure there wasn’t anything else there, but she found nothing. She decided to give up on searching for now and put her shoes back on so that she would be able to leave the apartment again when she was ready. Then Aimee headed back into her bedroom to see if she could find anything there which might help explain the situation.

	She walked into her bedroom, which was fairly small but not as small as some might be because the apartment had been designed with young people in mind, but once again it was empty and silent. Aimee stepped to the side of her bed and noticed that there were still blankets laid out neatly on her mattress, which meant that she hadn’t even had time to unpack them yet and get them set upthe way she wanted them. It was a little strange since she had only moved in yesterday morning, but as she started to rummage through her suitcase in search of some clothes to change into while she was here, Aimee managed to convince herself that it wasn’t that odd after all and convinced herself that her new life in the city would be much better than the one she’d left behind.

	She closed the suitcase shut and threw it on the floor before looking around for something else to occupy her time while she waited for Kyle. She went through the closet first and pulled out a few outfits before hanging them up on the hangers. She decided to go with a simple pair of jeans and a light-blue blouse for now, but when Kyle arrived she would change into something sexier so that he would know he was wanted.

	There was no doubt in Aimee’s mind that Kyle Johnson could make her love him if he wanted to, but she wasn’t sure if he did want to or not. In any case, she would need to wait until after they had spent some time together before she made any sort of move on him because that would be too forward. For now though, it looked likeshe would have to entertain herself and get ready for work all at the same time.

	She went into the bathroom and brushed her teeth with a mouthwash that she had picked up from the drugstore earlier that day, and then she washed her face with some makeup remover wipes. She put on a little lip-gloss and some deodorant after that, but her hair was still wet from her shower so she decided to forgo putting anything else in it.

	It wasn’t too strange of an idea after all; there was something very relaxing about getting all dressed up in front of a full-length mirror while waiting for someone to arrive. If Kyle hadn’t been coming over, she might even have considered going out somewhere and having a night on the town by herself, but as it was she would just settle for doing things in front of her own one-way mirror.

	She smiled as she looked at herself and wondered what Kyle would think when he saw her, but the smile faded from her face when she realized that the chances of Kyle Johnson wanting anything to do with her were slim at best. She wasn’t his type; he probably liked his women more mature than Aimee was.Even though the couple of times they had been out together, he had seemed very interested in getting to know her better, Kyle was just being nice. He probably knew that she didn’t have many friends and wanted her to have a chance to get out on the weekends, where she could also be exposed to new people. He was that kind of a guy; the kind that was always looking out for other people even if it meant sacrificing his own personal life in the process.

	She had met him about two months ago now and, as far as anyone else in their circle of friends knew, they had been dating ever since. That hadn’t been a deliberate lie on either one of their parts; it had just simply happened like that; they always seemed to be hanging around together, even though they were never alone when everyone else was there, and so the word spread just by accident. It had only been a few times that they had even gone out on their own, once to see a movie at the theatre and then once for dinner afterwards. His behaviour had been completely appropriate and there had been no cause to think that he was interested in her in any way other than professionally.

	Aimee looked at her watch again and felt a rush of excitement as the hands ticked past the point that she had told Kyle to come over; he would be there any second now. She had been waiting for this moment all day and had been in a state of nervous excitement ever since lunchtime, but she was also a little bit disappointed at the thought that it might just be a one-night-stand this time. What else could it be?

	She had asked him to come over late tonight because she knew that they would both have had quite busy days at work, so they wouldn’t be able to stay up very late and might not even have much time together at all, but she also knew that once they were alone together, no matter how short their time might be, she would get exactly what she wanted. She had been hoping for something more permanent and more loving, of course, but circumstances had never seemed quite right until now; and so she was just going to have to appreciate what little time they did have together.

	She finished brushing her teeth, put on a dark blue blouse with thin straps over her shoulders and a white mini skirt, and then straightened the collar on her short-sleeved shirt before looking in the mirror. Slipping into a pair of sensible flat pumps, she made sure that everything was perfect before picking up her handbag and heading for the door. She stepped out intothe hallway and inhaled deeply, welcoming the fresh air and trying to steady her nerves.

	As she climbed out of the elevator and walked down the hallway towards her building’s main entrance, she felt a mild nagging sensation in the pit of her stomach indicating that there was something slightly wrong with this situation, but she dismissed it as a sign that it was just nerves on her part.

	She stopped at the front desk and pressed the call button on the phone there to ask for a visitor’s parking pass, but no one seemed to hear or came to help within a reasonable amount of time – at least not enough time for her to justify waiting any longer – so she walked past the desk and out into the lobby.

	She stood just outside the main entrance for several seconds, debating whether she should go inside or not to see if someone would answer. She had never had any problems with getting help at this building before, but then again it was late and she was clearly not at her most charming or graceful tonight. At last she decided to go inside and try one more time.

	She put her bag down on the ground by the main doors and looked around to make sure no one would notice, then quickly slipped in through aside door. She stood behind the reception desk for several seconds, listening closely, trying to determine whether she could hear anyone inside. There was the murmur of voices in the background and maybe even some faint music, but she couldn’t make out any actual words.

	With that information, she slowly made her way to the back of the desk where there was a small supply closet and waited there in complete silence for several minutes. She didn’t really care that she had snuck into her own building through an unlocked door or that she was hiding in a supply closet – it seemed appropriate in some way – but she did want to make sure she wasn’t being followed. She made no noise except for the soft padding of her feet on the carpet flooring, trying to keep them quiet enough that they couldn’t be heard from within the room.

	After what seemed like an eternity, and was probably only a few minutes, she saw someone come out of the bathroom and into view near the reception desk. It was Kyle. He smiled at her when he saw her and motioned for her to come out of the closet and follow him.

	She stood up from behind the desk and walked towards him. She took a deepbreath as she tried to steady her nerves, but as soon as she passed the threshold of the closet, her anxiety shot through the roof. The voices in the other room were talking and laughing loudly, music was playing loudly as well, and there were several people crowded near the counter; one of them even had their arm around Kyle’s waist.

	The only thing that kept her from running out of there was the look on Kyle’s face – he looked so happy to see her. The thought of disappointing him, or hurting his feelings, held her in place as she walked towards him; it also helped that he was blocking everyone else from the closet so they couldn’t see her.

	“Hey!” he said excitedly as she came around the corner, and pulled her in for a big hug. She returned his embrace with one of her own, happy to see him as well, even if this wasn’t how she wanted to see him. He kissed her cheek and put his arm around her, letting it linger there for a moment before letting go again. His attention was already on someone else, on a woman who was standing not too far from them; it seemed like she was trying to get his attention, and Kyle was happy to oblige.

	“Hi,” he said as they separated. “This is Aimee.”

	Aimee smiled as she shook Kyle’s hand, and then looked up to smile at him as well. He had a boyish charm about him that she couldn’t help but find endearing, but he didn’t seem the least bit interested in her. She felt a pang of hurt inside at the thought of being rejected so easily, but Kyle was already saying something else to her that caught her attention.

	“I wanted you to meet someone. This is Patricia; we work together at the hospital. This is Aimee.”

	Kyle did not go into any further explanation about Patricia or what she does at the hospital, and although Aimee felt hurt she decided not to push the issue; there were other things that were much more pressing at the moment.

	“Have you come here to join us?” Patricia asked Aimee, moving close enough for them to touch and smiling warmly at her.

	Aimee smiled back, feeling comfortable in Patricia’s company. “Kyleinvited me over because I haven’t been going to the club since my divorce. He told me I should come hang out with people who understand me.”

	Patricia put her arm around Aimee and squeezed her gently.

	“We do understand you, don’t we?” Patricia said gently, and her eyes locked on Aimee’s for a moment before turning back to Kyle. “You told me about her at the club. I thought it was very noble of you to offer her a home away from home... or a place to belong or whatever it was you said.”

	Aimee could feel herself blushing at the praise, and she looked over toward Kyle. He seemed to be in a world of his own as he smiled at Patricia while listening to Aimee talk about herself.

	“Thank you,” she said to Kyle after a moment, smiling shyly at him. “I think your club really is a good idea for me. I think I can offer some of the younger people there something they might not have experienced yet and that could be very beneficial for their growth as young adults.”“My pleasure,” Kyle said as he looked up from the television and shifted his attention toward Aimee. “I think you’ll be a great help to us with the youth group here. The kids are dying for someone their own age to talk to, and I think you can fill that void.”

	Aimee nodded enthusiastically. “I never had anyone my age to talk to when I was growing up,” she said, “and it definitely stunted my development socially... but I think talking to them is the least I can do... and what better way than by sharing my experiences with them?”

	Aimee felt like she was rambling because she had run out of things to say, but Kyle just smiled at her and raised his glass in a toast. Patricia followed suit, but it seemed to Aimee that there was more meaning in her gesture than Kyle’s.

	“Here’s to helping the kids,” Kyle said with a smile, and both Aimee and Patricia responded by raising their glasses as well.

	“Speaking of which,” Aimee said once she had set her glass downon the table, “I really appreciate you guys inviting me. I’m really looking forward to spending more time with you guys. I can tell you both have a lot of wisdom to offer, and I know that if I can just learn a little bit from you, it would make me a better person.”

	Patricia laughed. “You’re too kind, Aimee. And we are very happy to have you in our lives. But the truth is that we learn just as much from you as you will learn from us. It works out for the best, I think...”

	Aimee could see in Patricia’s eyes that she was trying to convince herself and not Aimee. But it worked anyway because Aimee felt reassured and at ease, as if she had always belonged there with them. She didn’t know why she had believed Patricia when she had denied it earlier, but maybe it was because of the look in her eyes or the way she spoke about Kyle...

	…Kyle. Aimee didn’t understand how she could be so close to someone and yet feel so far away from them. As friendly as they were, the three of themdidn’t become friends until Aimee met Kyle, and she felt that he was the only one who really knew her. But even though he seemed to care about her deeply, no matter how much she got to know him, she didn’t feel any closer to him than she did at the beginning.

	Aimee couldn’t help thinking about her dad’s death again. It always bothered her so much more at night, especially when everyone else was asleep. She felt like she was the only one awake in the whole world. Even though she knew it wasn’t true, it seemed like everyone else had gotten over his death and moved on with their lives but her.

	She thought about all the things she wanted to talk to Kyle about but never did for fear of burdening him with her problems. She didn’t want to burden anyone with her problems—not her therapist, not Patricia, and certainly not Kyle. She didn’t like it when others felt sorry for her, so she worked hard to keep up a happy façade. But that didn’t make the problem go away—it just made it worse.

	She felt so lonely sometimes that she thought if shedidn’t have Patricia or Kyle around all the time she might just die.

	Aimee was starting to think that maybe she would be better off without them. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to have them in her life, but maybe they were better off without her and she was better off without them. She realized it was inevitable that everyone would one day go their separate ways, and if this is what was meant to be, then so be it. It wouldn’t be the first time in her life that things had fallen apart—it wouldn’t even be the first time this year.

	Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. “Pizza delivery!” someone shouted after rattling the door knob.

	Aimee grabbed her wallet off the table by the door and opened it. The pizza delivery boy set down a large box on the floor in front of her and handed her a receipt.

	“Thank you!” she said, stepping out onto the porch to get the box.

	But instead of carrying it inside, she put it down on the ground and sat down next to it, leaning against the railing of the porch steps. Shestared out into the dark with a blank expression on her face. Her hands began to tremble, so she crossed her arms over her stomach and put her head down on them.

	Her thoughts began to return in a flood of memories that brought her to tears. She couldn’t figure out why she was crying—it was only pizza, after all—but the floodgates were open and there was no turning back.

	She cried for her father—the sense of loss welling up inside her as she thought about how he had died alone. She cried for the friends who had left her to go off to college without her and never returned, for the friends who started going out with each other and stopped hanging out with her at all. When it came right down to it, she cried for all of the loneliness that had ever been a part of her life—loneliness in school, loneliness at home—all of it came rushing back to her at once.

	Kyle, walking back outside because he forgot his keys, stopped in his tracks when he saw Aimee sitting there crying. He thought about going back inside and getting the box for her, but eventually decided against it as he watched her cry into her palms.He wouldn’t bother her—he knew how to be a good friend.

	When her tears subsided, she found herself looking at the pizza box lying on the ground beside her. She picked it up and looked at the writing on it. The name said “Kyle Johnson” and she remembered him from work; he worked over in accounting. He was tall, skinny, and had glasses that made his eyes look like two dots on his cheekbones. His hair was thin—the kind of hair that looked gray when it was wet and looked brown when it was dry. He wore a lot of black t-shirts that fit tight around his chest and jeans with large holes worn in them all over the knees.

	She turned the box over in her hands, so she could see what was on the back. It read “Aimee Kincaid likes pepperoni” and she giggled a little to herself. She felt bad for getting upset about nothing, but she wasn’t embarrassed by the fact that she had cried like a baby over nothing—it actually felt good to get everything out, even if it was just over a pizza box. She looked up and saw that Kyle was watching her intently from across thestreet. He must have seen her crying and felt bad, so he sent her a pizza. Aimee smiled and waved at him, and he smiled back before turning away and going back into his house.

Aimee realized that she had finally found someone who understand her—someone who knew how she felt, and didn’t judge her for it. She was finally able to be herself, without feeling like she had to put on a brave face all the time. Kyle had seen her at her worst and he still wanted to be friends, which meant more to Aimee than anything else in the world.