   For weeks, the group had been holed up in the old house. They were all tired of being inside, but the woods outside were dangerous. The woods harbored plenty of animals, and the thought that a rabid wolf or bear could run into the house was still enough to make them afraid. They had found a way to block all of the doors except for the front door, but they were still afraid of what might be outside.

There was no food left in the back of the house, and they had already eaten all of their food. They needed to find more food in order to survive. They must think of ways to get out of the house in order to stay alive.

The group had stayed together out of necessity, but they did not know each other very well. They had spent every day together after their escape from the hospital, but they did not really know each other that well. They knew that staying alive was easier if they stayed together.

In the beginning of the group’s stay in the house, there had been tension among them, but eventually they overcame their differences and started working together, despite disagreements over what to do on occasion. They must learn how to work together in order to stay alive.

They did not know much about each other at all, and they knew that there were certain things that they could say to each other without starting unnecessary arguments. They needed to discuss how the group was going to move forward in order to survive.

Jennifer would think about her father from time to time, and try to learn as much as she could from the others about what had happened. If they learned how to work together for their mutual benefit, they could learn a lot of valuable information that would help them stay alive.

Stephanie knew that she would never be able to trust Jennifer completely; after all, she had made a move on her boyfriend, and then lied about it. But if Jennifer showed an interest in working with the group as a whole, and proved trustworthy, Stephanie might be able to put aside her differences with her.

She waited until after breakfast—which was an egg omelet—to broach the subject.

“Who’s going out to get fish?” Stephanie asked, sitting in front of the fire with Jennifer and Johnathan Hill. The group had found a couple dozen fish in a lake nearby, but they needed more. They needed fresh protein, something that could sustain the group for a few weeks at least.

The group needed to find a source of freshwater, something that would provide them with clean water for drinking and bathing.

“I’ll go find some fresh water,” Johnathan said, standing and stretching.

“I’ll take you,” Jennifer said, jumping up as well. “We can walk through the woods nearby, and maybe we can find a stream or something.”

Stephanie rolled her eyes and turned back to the fire.

“You’re not a great fighter,” she said, turning toward Jennifer. “And it would be very helpful if you stay here and protected the rest of us. If you leave, I don’t know what will happen to the rest of us. You could die out there, and we’d be all alone and defenseless. If we get attacked while you’re gone, what are we supposed to do? Just lie down and die? We need someone here watching over us at all times so that doesn’t happen.”

Stephanie had a point. Jennifer looked back at Stephanie with a small smile of agreement. She did need to stay with the rest of the group as much as possible. There were more than enough weapons in the house to protect them, and if anyone came near the house, they’d be able to hear it.

“I’m sorry, I know I said that I wanted to go, but you’re right. We can’t risk losing any of us, especially me. Alright? I won’t go.”

Stephanie nodded. “Okay, good. You just stay here and watch over the rest of us while we’re sleeping. I don’t want anyone getting hurt.”

Jennifer nodded in agreement again, and Stephanie went back to the fire to keep Willow company while she was at the table. Jennifer leaned against the wall next to the door and waited. It had been several hours and it was finally dark outside, which meant it would be safer for her to go out. She checked her compass one more time before heading out into the forest.

Jennifer moved quickly through the woods towards the stream. The trees were thick here, and it was easy to get lost in them. Without any landmarks, she couldn’t tell whether or not she was going the right way.

She reached down and pulled her shirt up over her nose to block out the smell of mildew that still lingered in the air. Jennifer moved as quickly as she could, but it was slow going in the dark.

The last thing she needed was to run into another group of survivors and have to fight them for what little they had now. It would be better if she found the stream on her own and moved in that direction. It wasn’t likely that there would be another house nearby, but it was possible.

Jennifer moved silently through the trees, moving slowly and carefully so as not to make any sound. She was walking through a small clearing when she heard something move behind her. She moved faster, but it was too late.

The group moved to the house. Jennifer had already been there and knew how to get in, so she let the others go first. They moved quietly through the woods until they reached a small clearing where they could see the stream and an old house. The house was about three hundred yards away, but it was dark out and there were trees everywhere, so it was hard to tell exactly how far away it was.

Moving closer to the house, she moved quickly around the side of the house so that she could check for signs of life. She came around the house to find a small building in the back left corner. Walking towards it, Jennifer moved slowly so as not to attract any attention from anyone who might be inside. She moved up and peeked into the window, only to see a dim light.

Moving slowly up to the door, Jennifer carefully tried opening it, moving slowly at first then using more force after a moment. The door creaked open just enough for her to slip through the crack. Moving slowly into the house, she saw that it was made of some kind of metal and glass. There was a large table in the middle of the room with chairs surrounding it. She could not tell if anyone was inside, but there were some supplies on the table that she wanted to look at.

She moved over to the table and put her backpack on the ground, then opened it so she could take out her flashlight. She moved the light around until she found a bottle of bleach, three packs of beef jerky with 12 pieces in each pack, and a small bag of Doritos. The food would not last for the entire group for very long, but it would give them something to eat for the next couple of days.

Moving back to the door, she tried pushing on it but it would not budge. She tapped the door several times, hoping someone was inside who could help her get out. After several more minutes of no response, she decided that they must have gone out through another door in the house. Putting her backpack on again, she headed to the other side of the house to find another exit.

She walked down the hallway and turned a corner, but saw that it was blocked by debris that had fallen from a hole in the ceiling. She moved around the pile of bricks and wood until she found a door with a handle. The door opened, but instead of another hallway she was looking at several piles of rubble that had collapsed onto themselves.

Stephanie climbed over them and continued her way down the hall when she heard someone coming down the stairs behind her. She turned and prepared to run, but instead of another hostile group she saw a man carrying two cases of bottled water. He was tall, skinny, and muscular with black hair, brown eyes, and multiple tattoos on his arms.

The group had gathered all the supplies they could carry from the house and were preparing to leave when a man ran into the house. He carried two cases of bottled water in his arms and began passing them out to everyone.

Luke Williams was a man who lived in the woods. His home was made out of wood and had no doors or walls. Luke took in anyone who needed shelter and was skilled at hunting food, finding water, and keeping himself safe from those who would attack him while sleeping in the woods.

Stephanie took a bottle of water and thanked Luke as he moved on to the next person. She looked around the room and saw that it was filled with women. Each woman had either been attacked by a hostile group or had lost her entire family and needed a home away from the man who destroyed hers.

Jennifer stood up and walked over to Stephanie. She hugged Stephanie and said, “We’re leaving now and you’re coming with us.”

Stephanie smiled at her friend but shook her head. “No, I can’t come with you, I have my own group. My friends are waiting for me at a farmhouse not too far from here.”

Jennifer was about to start arguing when Luke came over and said, “We need to leave now! I smell smoke coming this way!”

Stephanie and Jennifer followed the rest of the group out into the woods. As they ran past trees, rocks, and bramble piles, they were careful not to disturb anything that could alert a potential attacker.

As they hiked through the mountains, they came across a small clearing in which they decided to stop for the night. While Luke and a few other men built a fire, the women prepared the dinner. Stephanie watched as Jennifer’s blue eyes scanned the horizon and her full lips pressed together nervously while she chewed on her thumb. After a while, when it was dark and there was nothing left to do, she approached Jennifer.

“Hey, are you okay?”

Jennifer looked up and said, “Yeah, I’m fine. Just a little hungry. I haven’t eaten all day. Are you hungry?”

Stephanie nodded. It was the first time they had spoken to each other since they had entered the clearing, and Stephanie was relieved that it wasn’t awkward between them.

Jennifer said, “Let me see if there’s anything else I can dig up for dinner.”

Stephanie looked at Jennifer; she didn’t know if they should be eating anything from the ground. She said, “I don’t know if we should eat what we find here. Who knows what kind of poisonous stuff could be in the grasses.”

Stephanie added, “We don’t have a choice really. If we don’t eat it now, we definitely won’t have enough energy to keep moving next time. We have to take the chance.”

Jennifer nodded and said, “It’s settled then. We can eat a little bit, but maybe we can boil it to get rid of anything that might be in there that will hurt us.”

Stephanie said, “We could even boil the water from the river to be extra safe.”

Jennifer looked at Stephanie and smiled before moving over to the grasses and beginning to pick them up. Stephanie said, “Wait, let me help you. We should move the rocks out of the way too before we start so we have more room to work with. I’ll move those over there.”

Stephanie moved a big rock out of the way and Jennifer went over to another patch of grasses and began to pick them up.

Jennifer said, “I think I found some berries too. Let me move these over here so we have more room to move.”

Stephanie moved the rocks again and picked up a handful of berries and put them in a pouch she made for herself. She moved the rocks once more and Jennifer stood up. She said, “Okay, that should give us plenty of room to move around now.”

Stephanie moved a few more rocks before moving some grasses on the ground. She then went back to picking berries and Jennifer did the same.

After awhile, Stephanie said, “I think we have enough food to last us for a few days at least if we move fast. Let’s move this rock over here.”

Jennifer moved the rock and they began to pick up grasses again.

Stephanie said, “Wow, we made a lot of progress today. We moved a lot of rocks and grasses. When we get back to the clearing, I’m going to tell Karen that we should head back to the house so we can rest.”

Jennifer said, “Okay. She’s been working really hard today too though. I think she needs a break too.”

Stephanie said, “I agree with you, but I think the fumes on the grass are getting to her. A hot bath and bed with a roof over her head will be better than staying here.”

Jennifer said, “Yeah, you’re right. I hope she’s up for moving.”

Stephanie picked up one of the last few berries and then moved some more grasses. She then saw a small clearing in the distance.

Stephanie said, “I think that looks like the clearing we had seen before. Let’s move this branch over here so we can see what’s there.”

They moved the branch over and they looked through to the clearing to see a car and tent in the middle of it.

Stephanie said, “We should move to the house as soon as we leave here. We can come back another day with a bigger group and move whatever’s over there to the house. We can live there instead of living in the tent, and we can use the car instead of walking everywhere.”

Jennifer said, “Or we could just live here too. This house must be some kind of storage or something for them. They might have all kinds of things in there. Maybe they’re moving some things to the store, or maybe they’ve retired and are staying there. It’s probably safer than out on the road somewhere, or maybe they have a safe neighborhood back here.”

Stephanie said, “I don’t think it would be good to take shelter in a place with a guard nearby. We need to stay hidden and low key. I say we head out right after dawn tomorrow. If we come back at night we should be able to see any lights from the house. It will be harder to see where there are any lights in the tent. We could see a car driving around if it was out front or something, and I want us to have as much time as possible before they come back.”

Jennifer said, “Yeah, you’re right. We should leave now if you think you can find your way back at night. I’ll wait here with Willow.”

Stephanie said, “Alright. Luke, we’re going to go ahead and head out. You stay here with Karen and the guys. We should be back soon.”

Stephanie, Jennifer, and Willow moved quickly to a nearby field of trees that would give them cover from the sun so they could move quickly but not be exposed for too long. They moved in a crouched position along the perimeter of the clearing, keeping their heads down and moving silently. They stayed close enough together to keep each other from getting lost but far enough apart so that they could move as quietly as possible.

They moved in a circle around the clear spot so that they were in the safest position possible if there was anyone or anything hiding in the clearing.

Moving very quietly, they moved toward the edge of the clearing where they had seen no light on their first pass.

After moving around an area of tall grasses and small bushes, they saw a clearing with a large tent set up. They moved closer slowly, staying quiet.

Walking inside the tent they saw one single bed, two cots with sleeping bags, a couple folding chairs, a small table with two camp chairs, and seven water bottles sitting in the corner near a small lantern. They moved to the cots and removed their packs so that they were not carrying any extra weight.

When they reached the cots, Stephanie picked up one of the chairs and moved it to each of the beds to serve as a makeshift nightstand for their various belongings.

“What about moving around at night?” asked Willow.

“We should be okay as long as we don’t make too much noise,” said Stephanie.

The group agreed and began to settle in for the night. Willow took the first watch while the others slept. She was on edge, expecting something to happen at any moment.

However, the night passed without incident and the group was able to get some much needed rest.

In the morning, they packed up their things and prepared to leave. Stephanie and Jennifer decided to head back to the house to check on it one last time while the others continued on their journey.