

Premise: After a pandemic wiped out most of humanity, a group of survivors find themselves HOLED UP in an old house in the middle of nowhere. With supplies running low and tensions high, the group must work together to find a way out before it's too late.

Setting: The story is set in a post-apocalyptic world where a pandemic has wiped out most of humanity.

Characters:
Karen Cooper: Karen Cooper is a 28 year old woman with red hair and blue eyes.
Jesse Burgess: Jesse Burgess is a 32 year old man with balding brown hair and blue eyes.
Johnathan Hill: Johnathan Hill is a 27 year old man with short brown hair and hazel eyes.
Luke Williams: Luke Williams is a 29 year old man with blond hair and green eyes.
Willow Garcia: Willow Garcia is a 24 year old woman with curly brown hair and brown eyes.
Stephanie Nguyen: Stephanie Nguyen is a 25 year old woman with black hair and brown eyes.
Jennifer Lopez: Jennifer Lopez is a 26 year old woman with long black hair and dark brown eyes.


Outline:

1. A group of survivors find themselves holed up in an old house in the middle of nowhere. Scene:  Characters: Jennifer Lopez, Johnathan Hill

        a. The group must find a way to survive in the post-apocalyptic world. Scene:  Characters: Stephanie Nguyen, Jennifer Lopez, Karen Cooper

                i. The group must find a way to stay alive in the dangerous world. Scene: the first half of the story. Characters: Stephanie Nguyen, Jennifer Lopez

                ii. The group must learn to trust each other in order to survive. Scene: the first half of the story. Characters: Stephanie Nguyen, Jennifer Lopez

        b. The group must find food and water, as well as shelter and protection. Scene:  Characters: Jennifer Lopez, Johnathan Hill

                i. The group must find food and water. Scene: the first half of the story. Characters: Jennifer Lopez, Johnathan Hill

                ii. The group must find shelter and protection. Scene: the first half of the story. Characters: Jennifer Lopez, Johnathan Hill, Willow Garcia, Stephanie Nguyen

2. With supplies running low and tensions high, the group must work together to find a way out before it's too late. Scene:  Characters: Stephanie Nguyen, Jennifer Lopez

        a. The group searches the house for supplies and finds a map of the area. Scene:  Characters: Stephanie Nguyen, Jennifer Lopez

                i. The group finds a map of the area and uses it to search for supplies. Scene: the house. Characters: Stephanie Nguyen, Jennifer Lopez

                ii. The group finds a few supplies, but not enough to last. Scene: the house. Characters: Stephanie Nguyen, Jennifer Lopez

        b. The group makes a plan to escape the house and find help. Scene:  Characters: Stephanie Nguyen, Jennifer Lopez

                i. The group decides to escape the house and find help. Scene: the house. Characters: Stephanie Nguyen, Jennifer Lopez

                ii. The group packs their supplies and prepares to leave. Scene: the house. Characters: Stephanie Nguyen, Jennifer Lopez

3. The group must overcome obstacles such as hunger, thirst, and the dangers of the outside world in order to escape. Scene:  Characters: Karen Cooper, Luke Williams, Jesse Burgess

        a. The group leaves the house and begins their journey. Scene:  Characters: Karen Cooper, Luke Williams

                i. The group finds food and water, but also danger. Scene: the woods. Characters: Karen Cooper, Luke Williams

                ii. The group must contend with fumes rising from the ground that make it hard to breathe. Scene: a desert. Characters: Karen Cooper, Luke Williams

        b. The group faces many challenges along the way, but ultimately find help. Scene:  Characters: Karen Cooper, Luke Williams

                i. The group finds a survivor who leads them to safety. Scene: a house. Characters: Karen Cooper, Luke Williams

                ii. The group find a safe place to stay and rest. Scene: a safe place. Characters: Karen Cooper, Luke Williams, Willow Garcia, Stephanie Nguyen