The year was 2020, and the place was a small town named Newberry, Ohio. A few
   weeks earlier, the entire world had been hit by a deadly pandemic. The virus
   first attacked the lungs and led to pneumonia. From there it attacked the rest of
   the body, killing every human on the planet within a month.

   A few weeks after the world had been infected, some people began to show
   immunity to the virus. They were immune because they had been exposed to it
   once before, during a minor outbreak ten years earlier.

   The few people who were immune were called “the immune” by the remaining
   humans. These immune humans took over the government and ordered the human
   race to rebuild and repopulate the earth.

   They told everyone else to stay in their homes and remain calm, as there
   was no need to panic anymore. They reassured people that help was on the
   way, and that any remaining humans would be picked up by helicopters and
   taken to a nearby field hospital.

   Unfortunately, all of this was a lie; the immune had their ownagenda,
   which they were keeping secret.

   The immune were a small group of affluent people who had been secretly
   funding medical research and acquiring patents for new biochemical weapons
   for years. They knew far more about the virus than anyone else, and had
   deliberately infected the entire population with it to create an army of
   slaves and soldiers for them to rule over.

   It would take them years to build up their numbers, but once they had an
   army of millions they considered themselves invincible.

   The army they were building was called “The Swarm”. Once it was large enough,
   they planned to raid the fields hospital and wipe out the rest of the human
   race.

   They also planned to kidnap a small group of children and raise them in their
   image; brainwashed, emotionally numb robots who would do whatever they were
   told without hesitation. The children were being kidnapped from their parents
   and homes all over the United States, while their families slept in blissful
   ignorance.

   The kidnapped children were taken to a place called “The Hive”, where theywere being conditioned to be perfect servants. They were living in small,
   cramped rooms and barely fed enough food to stay alive. Their hair was shorn
   off, and a tracking device was implanted in each of them.

   If any of them tried to escape they would face the same fate as Jennifer
   Lopez and her friends. They would be captured and dragged back to the Hive
   for punishment.

   When Jennifer’s group discovered the abandoned house they tried to make it
   into a home sweet home. They spent the next few weeks scavenging for food
   and supplies, trying to find some sort of life among the rubble of society.

  The only one who seemed genuinely happy was Jennifer Lopez. She loved
  being outside, even though it was extremely cold. It reminded her of when she
  had been a child, riding her bicycle through the park with her mother and
  father.

 Everyone else just tried to stay as warm as possible and made sure not to go
  too far from the houses. The worst thing they could imagine was getting lost
  out here in the darkness of night.Jennifer had a feeling that the Swarm, her captors, were hunting them,
  but she never let it get to her. She didn’t want to stress herself out with
  something like that when there was nothing she could do about it.

  One day, as Jennifer was walking around outside, she heard someone call
  her name. She spun around to see who it was, but when she turned back around
  to face the voice, there was nobody there. But Jennifer knew that it had been
  Johnathan Hill calling for her. He was dead; he’d been shot by security guards
  before Jennifer was captured.

 “Johnathan?”, she asked herself aloud. “Is that you?”

 She heard his voice again and started walking towards where she had heard it.

 “Johnathan?”, she asked again as she made her way over to a large boulder.

 “Come alone and no one gets hurt,” Johnathan’s voice called from behind it.

  Jennifer turned around and there he was, leaning against the rock with his
  arms folded across his chest. For a moment her heart skipped a beat,but then
  Jennifer regained her composure and asked, “What are you doing here?”

 He just smiled at her and said, “You know what I’m doing here. Do you want to
  join me inside?”

 She hesitated for a moment and looked around the area to make sure no one was
  watching, then nodded her head.

 “Meet me at the park in two days time. Don’t bring anyone,” he said with a sly
  smile on his face.

 Jennifer gave him another nod and turned around to leave so that she wouldn’t be
  seen talking to anyone.

 As she left the area, she felt someone watching her, but by the time she had
  reached her destination, lost sight of whoever it might have been.

 She returned to the house that she had been hiding in for over two weeks and
  told Willow about what had just happened. Willow was shocked at first, but then
  she went straight into action mode. They had almost been caught before and
  they wouldn’t be careless enough to let that happen again.

 Jennifer wasn’t very happy about leaving the house either, butshe knew it was
  for the best. They would all need to work together and leave these god-forsaken
  streets behind them.

 Later that day, Johnathan Hill arrived at the house with two men who were carrying
  bags full of food and medicine for him. He told them to give it all away to the
  others that were still trapped in this area. As a reward, he gave each of them a
  hundred dollars and said that if any of them needed anything else, they could
  come back.

 Johnathan’s generosity made Jennifer feel bad, like she was taking something from
  him and not giving him anything in return. There were many times while living in
  the streets where he had helped her out with food or medicine. He was a good
  man and he didn’t deserve to be stuck in this hell hole with them.

 That night, Jennifer lay awake thinking about what she was going to say to
  Johnathan when it came time for her to leave. She wanted to tell him how much
  she appreciated everything he had done for her, but he probably already knew.
  No matter what though, he was going to be upset that sheleft. It was best to
  just let the words come out naturally and hopefully her actions would speak loud
  enough for him to understand.

 Meanwhile, the others watched as Johnathan continued to bring in more and more
  people from out of town who needed help. The place had become a makeshift
  hospital and the people that were being brought in were getting better.

 As the days went by, Jennifer started to think less about leaving and more about
  how long they were going to stay here. The food and medicine were still coming
  in, but there would eventually be an end to it. Once it stops, there won’t be
  anyone left alive out there who can help them out anymore.

 She didn’t know what was going to happen after that, or what their plans were
  for escaping the city. It all depended on Johnathan and the others who were
  still out there fighting.

 There was only a few of them left that actually came back from Johnathan’s last
  mission to raid an army base camp. They were all good men and if anyone could
  get them out of this city alive, it would be them. The problem was theydidn’t
  have a plan and they didn’t know exactly where they were going to go.

 Everyone in the house was starting to get agitated because they knew that
  there wasn’t enough room for all of them. They had been staying in the house for
  almost two weeks and it was starting to feel cramped in there. They wanted to
  get out of the city and into a more open area where they could start building
  things up and making new lives for themselves.

 After another day of food and medicine coming in, Jennifer finally decided that
  she had to go back out there and meet Johnathan again. It was hard enough doing
  what she did before, but now she had to leave her home behind as well.

 She walked into the living room and found Willow sitting on the couch with her
  head down in her hands. Jennifer was about to walk past him without saying
  anything when he looked up at her. His eyes were red from the tears he had been
  crying and his face looked like he had been beaten up really bad.

 She waited patiently for him to get his composure back together before she
  asked him what was going on. He wiped awaythe tears that were falling down
  his face and stood up as he told her what happened. One of the kids from
  Johnathan’s group had cornered him in the alley one night and beat him up
  just because he was black. He said that every time he looked at Johnathan it made
  him sick to his stomach because he knew that Johnathan wasn’t helping all of
  them out of charity, but because he was a part of the same group as the people
  who did that to him.

 Jennifer didn’t know what to say or do after hearing what Willow said. She just
  put her hand on his shoulder and let him cry it out before she told him that
  things would get better.

 Willow sat in Jennifer’s lap for a while, holding onto her tighter than he had ever
  held anyone before. When he finally got up, Jennifer let out a big sigh of relief
  and told him that it was okay to cry sometimes. It was just the last thing that she
  expected to hear. Willow never let anyone see him cry before; he always kept his
  emotions locked up inside of him where no one could see them.“I’ll be fine,” he mumbled as he walked back over to the other side of the room
  to spend the rest of the night by himself.

 Jennifer knew that there was nothing she could do for Willow right now so she just
  went back to talking with Johnathan about their plans to leave. She was so excited
  about having a real life again that she had completely forgotten about Willow for
  now.

 Unfortunately, Johnathan had bad news for her. He told her that it was going to take a
  little longer than they originally thought because the supplies were too low and some
  of the people weren’t as willing to join their cause as he was hoping.

 “We’ll be alright,” Jennifer insisted while she looked at Johnathan with a look
  that said that she didn’t believe him.

 Johnathan could see the doubt in her eyes and he knew that there was no way
  they were going to make it in time to leave the city before another shipment of
  food came through the door. He told Jennifer that he had an idea and that it was
  going to take a lot of faith on her part.

 “I’ll do whatever it takes to get out of this hell,” Jennifer said confidently in
  response to Johnathan’s request for trust.

 “Alright, then I need you to go back into the hallway over there and walk down the
  stairs. When you get down there, stay put and don’t move, no matter how much
  you want to.”

 Jennifer turned around and walked into the hallway that he had told her about.
She could hear his footsteps as he walked up behind her. She took a deep breath and
  started walking down the stairs. She had just reached the bottom of the stairwell
  when she started hearing footsteps above her. It sounded like there were a whole
  bunch of people running up to confront them.

 There was a sudden burst of gunshots, followed by more screams and shouts.
Jennifer tried to block out the chaos around her but she couldn’t help but turn
around and look at what was happening in the hallway beyond the stairwell.

 There were at least twenty men running down the hallway towards Jennifer, each with
  a gun in their hands. The men were wearing black masks over their faces sothat
  they couldn’t be identified. Each man wore a white long-sleeved shirt that was
  stained with blood. They had bullet proof vests on over their shirts and
  black pants with combat boots on their feet. They all looked frightening and
  even though Jennifer was terrified, she wanted to run. She wanted to run away
  from them but Johnathan’s voice stopped her.

 “Don’t move!” he screamed at her as he ran past her towards the stairs.

 Jennifer stood perfectly still and didn’t even look up at the men as they ran
  down the stairs towards her. They had just a few feet left to go when Johnathan
  arrived and jumped above Jennifer, kicking out his legs as he did so. He kicked
  Jennifer in the chest and she flew backwards across the stairwell landing hard
  on her back. She felt like she had whiplash as she lay on the ground, trying to
  breathe through her pain. Johnathan landed next to her and started pulling off
  his backpack. He pulled out two guns and handed one to Jennifer, who took it
  without question.Both men were ready to fight when they heard footsteps upstairs. The footsteps
  came closer and closer until finally a man ran down the stairs followed closely
  by a woman. When the woman ran past Jennifer she was so frightened that she
  let out a yelp and the woman turned around right away.

 “Who are they?” Jennifer whispered to Johnathan as they both held their guns
  up in front of them, pointing at the woman and the man behind her.

 The man was about thirty years old with short brown hair and hazel eyes.
  He wore a black shirt with torn blue jeans that were hanging loosely on his
  hips. The woman was much younger and looked like she was in high school. She
  had long red hair that hung down her back and very dark brown eyes that were
  filled with tears. The man walked towards her and the woman stood there,
  motionless, as he lifted her up into his arms and carried her back upstairs.

 The men were at the bottom of the stairs when they heard a loud crash from
  upstairs and then another one from further back in the room. The woman let
  herself fall out of the man’s armsonto the floor and started screaming hysterically
  as she ran towards the door. She got to her feet and tried to open it, using
  her shoulder to force it upwards but it was locked.

 “Get out!” she screamed at the men as they walked towards her with their guns
  pointed straight at her.

 She dropped down onto the ground and curled into a ball, holding onto her head
  with both arms. Her body shook violently as she cried but no one paid any attention
  to her cries for help. The men began shooting at her and each bullet went directly
  into her head. One by one, each bullet was fired until she stopped moving.

 “Who are you?” Johnathan asked the man that was standing in front of him.

 He was about six feet tall and had a thin build that was covered by his black
  shirt and torn blue jeans. He looked like he had just woken up or hadn’t been
  around many people in a while because there were dark circles under his eyes.

 “Who are you?” Johnathan repeated as he put his gun away and took a step towardsthe man. The other man was still holding onto the one that Johnathan had tackled
  to the ground and was trying to kick him in the stomach to get him to release.

 “My name is Alex,” the man replied. His voice was soft and kind but Johnathan
  knew there was something wrong with him after hearing his voice. He couldn’t
  place it but there was something different about the way he spoke. Not wanting
  to take any chances, Johnathan raised his fist back and punched him directly
  in the face. He smashed his fist into Alex’s jaw, knocking him out.

 When his body hit the ground, Johnathan looked over at Jennifer who was still curled
  up on the floor with her arms wrapped around her head. Her body was shaking and
  she kept saying that she wanted to die.

 He ran over and grabbed her by the arm, pulling her up off of the floor.
  As soon as she was standing, he grabbed a piece of wallpaper from the wall
  and wiped his bloody fist off on it. Jennifer was screaming at him to stop and
  trying to get away from him but he wouldn’t let her go.