    Natalie Harper made small talk with Trevor Lockwood online for several months. She was attracted to his confidence and good looks, even though he was nearly twenty years her senior. She saw herself as a confident woman, but she lacked the courage to approach him in public, nor would she do so out of respect for her boyfriend. So Natalie Harper had turned to the internet, where she found Trevor Lockwood. He was interested in meeting her in person, if she had enough money for their date. Natalie Harper agreed and they set up a time and place to meet. Trevor Lockwood asked Natalie Harper what kind of man she would date. Natalie Harper said that she would go out with someone like Trevor Lockwood, although he was not much older than her. Natalie Harper asked Trevor Lockwood if he was married. He said he wasn’t and had no children. She asked him if he lived alone, and again, his answer was positive. Natalie Harper met Trevor Lockwood in a coffee shop on the second floor of a shopping center in East Sacramento. She asked him to meet her there, but she did not tell him why. She gave him the agreed-upon amount of money—five hundred dollars—which he assured her would be enough for their date. Trevor Lockwood then gave Natalie Harper an address in rural Northern California and told her to come there. Natalie Harper was aware of Trevor Lockwood’s offer prior to this meeting, but she just needed to talk with him face-to-face to make sure he really meant her no harm. Natalie Harper got in her car and drove towards the area where Trevor Lockwood told her he lived. She turned off Interstate 80 and drove on the country roads that led into his neighborhood. The roads were isolated, but she had a small map with the directions that Trevor Lockwood had given her. Natalie Harper arrived at his home after driving for about an hour. It was a large house set on a hill, surrounded by forest land. Natalie Harper parked her car on the side of the road and walked up to the front door of the house. She knocked and was immediately greeted by Trevor Lockwood, who opened it with a key he retrieved from inside. Natalie Harper stepped into the house and greeted Trevor Lockwood.

Trevor Lockwood was wearing a black short-sleeved shirt underneath a red cardigan sweater. His face was clean-shaven, except for a goatee that was trimmed close to his mouth. He had dark brown hair, short at the sides and about two inches long in the back. His eyes were blue and he gave off a strong and commanding presence to those he met. Trevor Lockwood was twenty-four years old and living with his parents in their five-bedroom house. He worked part-time at a small marketing firm in San Francisco, but his income was not very high. Trevor Lockwood invited Natalie Harper to sit down on the couch in his living room.

Trevor Lockwood asked Natalie Harper how she liked driving up to his house. She said that she had enjoyed the drive, as it was quiet and peaceful. Trevor Lockwood moved to the edge of the couch and cleared a spot for Natalie Harper. Trevor Lockwood moved closer to Natalie Harper and sat down next to her.

Trevor Lockwood told Natalie Harper that he really enjoyed talking with her online and that he would have much preferred talking with her in person, but circumstances had prevented him from doing so. Trevor Lockwood moved his hand up to Natalie Harper’s shoulder.

Natalie Harper reached for Trevor Lockwood’s hand and placed it on her thigh. She looked at his lips and then smiled at him as she moved her head closer to his mouth. Trevor Lockwood moved his head away from her.

Trevor Lockwood asked Natalie Harper if she had thought of any names for the business venture they were discussing. Trevor Lockwood explained that he had already thought of a name, but he was always willing to listen to suggestions from others. Trevor Lockwood moved his hand slowly up the inside of her thigh and moved it towards her crotch.

Natalie Harper moved Trevor Lockwood’s hand away. She was surprised that Trevor had touched her so soon in their conversation, as they still had so many details to discuss. She told Trevor Lockwood of two possible names that she wanted to consider, and Trevor Lockwood nodded his head.

Trevor Lockwood asked if he could move closer to Natalie Harper on the couch. Natalie Harper agreed and Trevor Lockwood moved next to her on the couch.

Trevor Lockwood asked Natalie Harper what she wanted him to do now that they were in the same room together. Natalie Harper took a sip of her wine and smiled at Trevor Lockwood for a few seconds before answering his question. She told him that she had some ideas and he nodded his head at her.

Natalie Harper told Trevor Lockwood that she wanted to undress him, and kiss his body as he did the same to her. To add a little more excitement to the situation, she told Trevor Lockwood that they could include some foreplay with their clothes on as well.

Trevor Lockwood was flattered by Natalie Harper’s forward reply and he moved closer to her on the couch. He moved his hand up the inside of Natalie Harper’s thigh and touched her crotch several times before stopping.

Natalie Harper leaned in to kiss Trevor Lockwood, but he pulled away from her instead. He explained to Natalie Harper that he still had some questions to ask her before moving forward with their plan.

Trevor Lockwood moved his hand up Natalie Harper’s skirt and he felt her underwear. He moved his fingers back and forth several times before stopping to talk again.

Natalie Harper was now moving her head back and forth to keep eye contact with Trevor Lockwood. She moved her legs into a more open position so that Trevor Lockwood could have easier access to her panties. She wanted him to move his hand inside of them, but she was going to have to wait a few more minutes before he did.

Trevor Lockwood moved his other hand up Natalie Harper’s stomach and he gently massaged her breasts through her top. He moved his fingers in a small circular pattern before stopping to talk again.

There was a small white hotel in the middle of nowhere about an hour from Trevor Lockwood’s small town, a hotel where no one ever went anymore. It would be the perfect place for them to stay in order to get everything they needed done on time.

Trevor Lockwood moved his hands down from Natalie Harper’s breasts and started unbuttoning her shirt. He pushed the small cotton fabric aside and moved his hands underneath of them to touch her bare breasts.

Natalie Harper was moving completely out of her comfort zone by agreeing to an in-person meeting with Trevor Lockwood. She was moving further out of it as he moved his hands all over her body, especially when she could feel his hard cock against her crotch through their clothes.

Trevor Lockwood touched the soft skin without restraint and Natalie Harper held her breath as he squeezed her large breasts in his hands. He then moved his lips to the area above one of them and kissed the tender skin there.

Natalie Harper was already feeling turned on by Trevor Lockwood and she knew that when he felt her bare breasts, his arousal would increase. She was a little surprised at how turned on she was herself, considering how nervous she felt as Trevor Lockwood was undressing her.

Trevor Lockwood parted Natalie Harper’s thighs with his hands as he began to suck on one of her large breasts. After a few seconds, Natalie felt him move closer to her and she knew what was coming next.

The part of Natalie Harper that was not turned on by this situation was kicking in as Trevor Lockwood spread her legs and buried his face between them. Natalie began to feel a little nervous about the situation. She had never let anyone do that before, not even herself.

Trevor Lockwood began to kiss the soft skin of Natalie Harper’s inner thighs and she felt her knees grow weak as he licked the area between her legs. Natalie Harper felt her nerves give way to desire as Trevor Lockwood touched her most intimate areas. She began to think about what he was doing and why, and she felt a little uncomfortable that she was so turned on by it all. Trevor Lockwood found this amusing and continued to lick Natalie Harper’s pussy.

Natalie Harper was beginning to panic as she thought about what Trevor Lockwood was doing between her legs. He had not even touched her pussy yet and she could already feel the strong sensations emanating from it. It occurred to Natalie that Trevor Lockwood might have done this before and that he might be very good at it. Natalie Harper grew more and more nervous as the minutes passed, but she could only focus on what was happening to her body.

Natalie Harper felt as if she were going crazy. She wanted to stop what was happening, but her body told her otherwise. She knew that it was “wrong” to let a stranger do this to her and she knew that she should get up and leave, but something inside of her would not allow her to do so.

She didn’t hear from Trevor after that, and Natalie began to realize that she had been played. Trevor had lured her out to his home under false pretenses with the hopes that she would sleep with him. Natalie figured that he might have been trying to rape her, since she was stuck out in the middle of nowhere with no means of escape and a man who wanted to hurt her.

After a few weeks, Natalie moved to a city close by. She never told anyone about what Trevor Lockwood had done to her, not even her closest friends. She was ashamed of what had happened to her and she thought people would think less of her if they knew that she had slept with a man in order to get money. She had played Trevor Lockwood and now she felt like he was playing her, this time by trying to lure her into his home where he could kill her.

Natalie Harper’s home was a modest one-bedroom apartment on the outskirts of a city. She had moved to the city so that she could get a job at a grocery store closer to her home.

She moved in with some friends from her hometown, but three months later she found herself living alone again due to disagreements over money and rent with her roommates. She had found the apartment after being referred there by the manager at a local grocery store where she worked.

Natalie had been working as a cashier at the grocery store for about two months when she ran into Trevor Lockwood again, who wanted to set up another meeting with her. Natalie declined. Trevor persisted, sending Natalie emails that were rude and pushy.

Eventually Natalie changed her mind, realizing that she needed the money to pay her bills. Trevor Lockwood had offered her a job working as a model for his modeling agency. She was reluctant at first but decided to give it a try because it paid well and she would be able to quit her job at the grocery store, which Natalie realized that she didn’t care much for.

Natalie agreed to meet Trevor Lockwood at a local restaurant and discuss the offer in person.

Trevor Lockwood was a handsome young man with bright eyes and short dark hair. He was about twenty-seven years old Natalie guessed, though she couldn’t be sure. Trevor Lockwood had a confident air about him. He was very persuasive and knew how to work people, Natalie observed. And he seemed like he could be dangerous if provoked, she thought. He definitely wasn’t someone she wanted to cross. But the money sounded too good to pass up.

When Natalie arrived at the restaurant, Trevor Lockwood was already sitting at a table, alone. He greeted her with a smile and some small talk about the weather. It was unusually cold and snowing outside for this time of year. Natalie pulled aside her coat to reveal a tight black dress underneath. The dress was mostly sheer and showed off Natalie’s ample cleavage.

Trevor Lockwood smiled appreciatively, his eyes taking in every inch of Natalie’s body, lingering on her breasts. After glancing down at her cleavage a few more times Natalie finally pulled the coat back over her chest and pretended to be interested in a news article she had retrieved from the check-stand rack. Trevor Lockwood’s eyes kept darting back to Natalie’s chest, his face flushed with arousal.

Natalie looked up at Trevor Lockwood and smiled coyly, knowing that she was getting to him. Trevor Lockwood responded by scooting closer to her on the bench seat of his booth. Natalie moved back slightly so that their knees weren’t touching and waited for Trevor Lockwood to continue.

After some more small talk about Natalie struggling to make rent that month, Trevor Lockwood cleared his throat and changed the subject. “So, um, since we have our business out of the way…”

“You don’t have to worry about my rent anymore!” Natalie said, excited that another problem had been solved. She moved her legs around and leaned closer to Trevor Lockwood so that their shoulders were touching. She looked up at him with a coy smile.

The police station was located just a few blocks from Trevor Lockwood’s apartment building. The ride in the back of the squad car was short and when they arrived, Natalie was escorted into an interrogation room with a camera above the one-way mirror.

Natalie sat down on a small chair and looked over at the Detectives sitting across from her. Detectives Johnson and Lassiter of the Seattle Police Department.

“So, why don’t you tell us what happened?” Detective Johnson asked.

“I went to meet Trevor Lockwood at his apartment, but it was obvious that something was off about him. He wouldn’t stop staring at my chest and it kinda creeped me out.”

“Didn’t you report this already? Why are you telling us again?” Detective Lassiter asked.

Natalie was about to reply when the room filled with a familiar scent. The smell of coffee and bacon, her favorite combination for breakfast.

Trevor Lockwood walked in and set a plate of food down on the table in front of her.

“For the love of God, Trevor Lockwood! What do you want from me?”

Trevor moved closer to her and whispered in her ear.

“I want you, Natalie Harper.”

Natalie stood up and pushed him away. The detectives looked over at the two of them before they were startled by a loud banging on the door. They all turned around to see who was there, only to find Trevor standing outside with a knife in his hand.

“I have your money now, Natalie Harper, and I’m not afraid to use it.”

Detective Johnson took out his gun and pointed it at Trevor Lockwood. He shook his head in disbelief as he continued to point the gun at him.

“You can’t come in here with that knife, you crazy son of a bitch! Get out of here or I’ll shoot!”

Detective Lassiter moved between the two of them and tried to calm them down.

“Put the gun down, Detective Johnson! We don’t want to escalate this situation any further than it already is! If we take this any further, we could all be in danger. We need to figure out how to diffuse it first. Do you have a warrant?”

Detective Johnson shook his head.

“I don’t have a warrant but I do have probable cause to believe that a crime has been committed. I’m here to arrest an individual for attempted murder.”

Detective Lassiter took them into the main police station. They sat down at a long table and Detective Johnson ordered everyone, including the secretaries and other detectives, to leave the room.

“Now, Detective Johnson, tell me what happened? Who did you come here to arrest? Did this person do something wrong?”

Detective Lassiter looked at the two policemen in front of him, waiting for one of them to speak up. One of them spoke first.

“Yes, we have a warrant out for a man named Trevor Lockwood. We think he may be responsible for the disappearance of five young women.”

Detective Lassiter did a quick internet search on his phone and then sat back in his chair.

“Wait, this is the same man that you came here to arrest? The one that just arrived here as well? The one who came here to… what exactly did you say he was here to do? Did he come here to talk with you about something?”

Detective Johnson opened the folder with documentation for Trevor Lockwood. He handed it across the table to Detective Lassiter.

“His records indicate that he came here to speak with our witness, so we could arrest him.”

Detective Lassiter flipped through a few pages and then looked up at the two policemen.

“Wait, this says here that he is a serial killer?”

Detective Johnson nodded.

“That is correct. He has lured five young women to their deaths in the past three years. We believe he tried to lure our witness here today, but that she refused to go with him and instead came here to the police station where we were able to apprehend him.”

Detective Lassiter continued flipping through pages of paperwork before standing up.

“Where is this man now? We need to move fast to make an arrest.”

The two detectives explained that he was in a holding cell in the courthouse. Detective Lassiter left to make arrangements.

Detective Johnson looked down at the file on his lap and then back up at me.

“Are you ready to move forward with your statement?”

I nodded. “Yes, of course! I just need a few minutes though, if that’s okay with you.”

The two detectives agreed. I exited the room and moved to the side staircase and began climbing. When I reached the fourth floor, I entered an empty courtroom and sat down in front of the large window that overlooked Main Street. It was quiet and peaceful here, but it wouldn’t be for long. I moved to the front of the room and took a seat at the witness stand.

The courtroom door opened and Detective Johnson walked in. He closed the door behind him and turned to face me as he walked toward the witness stand.

“No problem, I understand that you just went through something very traumatic. Take all the time you need to compose yourself. We can keep this quick and easy if you like, or we can take our time…whatever works for you.”

“It would be good to get this over with so I can begin putting my life back together.”

Detective Johnson nodded and then walked over to a wooden chair sitting directly in front of the witness stand. He sat down and then paused for a moment before speaking.

“I have a few questions I need to ask you that will help us move forward, but first I need you to meet someone.”

“Okay, who is it?”

Detective Johnson reached into his pocket and removed a piece of paper from inside his wallet. After unfolding the paper he handed it to me, and then moved closer to me.

“This is a picture of Trevor Lockwood,” he said as he pointed at the photograph. “This man is wanted by the police for multiple counts of kidnapping and murder. According to your statement, you are the latest in a long list of women who went missing under similar circumstances.”

He moved back to the wooden chair and placed his hands behind his head.

“The details of the crimes vary in each case, but they all follow the same pattern: The women agreed to meet a handsome man on a certain date after speaking with him online, but when they arrive at the location given by the man they were never heard from again. We have five instances where this exact scenario took place, and in all cases the women went to that location, but never came back.”

The detective moved closer to me, then continued talking.

“Lockwood would go to the location where the transactions were supposed to take place, but when a woman arrived there he would either move the location or have one of his accomplices do it. In all cases, no trace of any of these women was ever found again. We have gone to the locations Lockwood has been listed at, but all traces of him were long gone.”

He moved back to the chair and straightened his tie.

“The reason why we moved so quickly in this instance is that one of our informers said that Lockwood had been planning to lure yet another woman to her death, and that he had been bragging about it online. We were able to track him down and arrest him before he could carry out his plan.”

The detective paused for a moment, then looked at me.

“So, you see, Miss Harper, you are very lucky to be alive.”

I nodded in understanding, then asked the question that had been on my mind since I had first heard about this case.

“Detective, why do you think Trevor Lockwood did this?”

The detective leaned back in his chair and sighed.

“That, Miss Harper, is something that we may never know for sure. But I have my theories.”