

Premise: Frustrated with her dismal love life, Natalie makes a deal with a strange man she met online. She agrees to meet him in person, but when she arrives at the address he gave her, she quickly realizes that she may have made a mistake.

Setting: The story is set in a small town in the middle of nowhere.

Characters:
Trevor Lockwood: Trevor Lockwood is a handsome man in his late twenties.
Natalie Harper: Natalie Harper is a young woman in her early twenties.
Ronald Wilks: Ronald Wilks is a man in his forties.
Mary Peterson: Mary Peterson is Jeremy's mother.


Outline:

1. Natalie Harper makes a deal with Trevor Lockwood, a man she met online, to meet him in person in exchange for money so that she can pay her rent . Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

        a. Natalie Harper makes a deal with Trevor Lockwood to meet him in person. Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                i. Trevor Lockwood asks Natalie Harper to meet him in person and Natalie Harper agrees . Scene: Trevor Lockwood's house. Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                ii. Natalie Harper asks Trevor Lockwood for money in exchange for meeting him in person and Trevor Lockwood agrees . Scene: Trevor Lockwood's house. Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

        b. Trevor Lockwood gives Natalie an address to meet him at and Natalie Harper sets off to meet him. Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                i. Natalie Harper sets off to meet Trevor Lockwood at the address he gave her. Scene: Natalie Harper's house. Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                ii. Trevor Lockwood gives Natalie Harper an address to meet him at. Scene: Trevor Lockwood's house. Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

2. When Natalie arrives at the address Trevor gave her, she quickly realizes that something isn't right and that Trevor might be a dangerous man . Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

        a. When Natalie Harper arrives at the address Trevor Lockwood gave her, she quickly realizes that something isn't right. Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                i. Natalie Harper arrives at the address Trevor Lockwood gave her. Scene: a small town in the middle of nowhere. Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                ii. Trevor Lockwood isn't there and Natalie begins to feel uneasy. Scene: a small town in the middle of nowhere. Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

        b. Natalie Harper quickly realizes that Trevor Lockwood might be a dangerous man. Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                i. Natalie Harper begins to feel uneasy when Trevor Lockwood isn't there to meet her. Scene: a small town in the middle of nowhere. Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                ii. Natalie grew more and more uneasy as the minutes passed. Scene: a small town in the middle of nowhere. Characters: Natalie Harper

                iii. Eventually, Natalie Harper decides to leave and go home. Scene: a small town in the middle of nowhere. Characters: Natalie Harper

3. Trevor Lockwood ends up being a serial killer who lures women to their death and Natalie narrowly escapes becoming his next victim . Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

        a. Trevor Lockwood ends up being a serial killer who lures women to their death and Natalie narrowly escapes becoming his next victim. Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                i. Trevor Lockwood tries to lure Natalie into his home so that he can kill her . Scene: Trevor Lockwood's home. Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                ii. Natalie realizes that Trevor Lockwood is a dangerous man and isn't sure what to do . Scene: Trevor Lockwood's home. Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

        b. Trevor Lockwood attempts to kill Natalie, but she narrowly escapes and runs for her life . Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                i. As Natalie tries to leave, Trevor Lockwood grabs her and attempts to murder her . Scene: Trevor Lockwood's home. Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                ii. Natalie struggles to get away and ends up fatally stabbing Trevor Lockwood in self-defense. Scene: Trevor Lockwood's home. Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

4. Natalie goes to the police and helps them apprehend Trevor Lockwood before he can hurt anyone else . Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper, Ronald Wilks, Mary Peterson

        a. Natalie tells the police what happened and helps them apprehend Trevor Lockwood. Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                i. Natalie tells the police about her encounter with Trevor Lockwood. Scene: the police station . Characters: Trevor Lockwood, Natalie Harper

                ii. The police track down Trevor Lockwood . Scene: Trevor Lockwood's house . Characters: Trevor Lockwood

        b. Trevor Lockwood is arrested and put in jail . Scene:  Characters: Trevor Lockwood

                i. Trevor Lockwood is arrested and put in jail. Scene: the police station . Characters: Trevor Lockwood

                ii. Trevor Lockwood awaits trial . Scene: the courthouse . Characters: Trevor Lockwood

                iii. Trevor Lockwood is ultimately convicted and sent to prison for the rest of his life . Scene: the prison . Characters: Trevor Lockwood