Natalie Harper hated living at home. But with the economy tanking and her teaching job being cut, there was no other option for her. She had no idea how she was going to make it through the next two years until she finished her teaching degree.
   Natalie often felt like a failure. She had dropped out of high school at eighteen, moved to New York City, and then come back to the suburbs of Westport to live with her mom and dad. Natalie knew that she had been given a golden opportunity by her parents, but she couldn’t help feeling that it had all been wasted.
   She had always dreamed of becoming a writer, but after spending so much time working two jobs to make ends meet, she had never found the time to write anything other than grocery lists.
   Natalie thought that things were going well in her life. She was twenty-two and still young enough to go after what she wanted. But she knew that something was missing—romance in her life. At least that’s what she told herself every night in bed as she stared at the ceiling.
   And since being out of school for nearly three years, Natalie had found herself not meeting any eligible men.There were times when she thought about dating a man her own age, but it never seemed to work out.
   So after talking to some of her girlfriends about how they could make sure they were always meeting someone new, Natalie had decided that she needed to do something wild and crazy, something that would get her noticed and make her stand out from the rest of the women in Westport. One of her friends suggested speed dating, but Natalie didn’t want to do it because she couldn’t imagine getting set up on a date with someone and then having to leave after only twenty minutes.
   Another friend suggested going to a bar and trying to pick up a drunk guy; the problem with that was that she wouldn’t know what she wanted until morning.
   Her other friend hadn’t seen a single available guy in Westport since graduating from college six years ago, and she was convinced that everyone outside of Westport was either gay or married.
   After spending several days trying to figure out what she should do, Natalie decided that the only way to meet someone new would be on her own.
   And after finding people from all over the world on her favorite site for online dating, Natalie knewexactly what she wanted to do. She had talked to a few people through the site, and they had all said that online dating was where it was at. She searched through dozens of profiles of men who were interested in meeting someone new, and she finally decided that she wanted to meet Trevor Lockwood, a 27-year-old advertising executive who lived in New York City. Trevor had sent her several messages online, and she had found his profile intriguing. She knew that he was looking for a woman who wasn’t afraid of a bit of adventure, and she also knew that he hated it when people lied. And Natalie Harper hated being dishonest even more than she loved the idea of meeting a guy from New York City. After receiving a request from Trevor to speak with him on the phone, Natalie agreed to do so because it was finally a chance for her to be honest with someone who might actually get to know her. They talked about everything from their favorite movies and books to their careers and their expectations about dating. When they ended the phone call, Natalie had felt hopeful for the first time in a long time. She understood that there was no guarantee that Trevor wouldn’t turn out to be ajerk, but she also knew that she had to at least give him a chance. However, she didn’t have enough money to travel to New York City for an in-person interview, so she was willing to agree to almost anything that he might ask for. Her monthly rent was more than twice what the average student earned, and she didn’t know what she would do if she couldn’t bring in some additional income. Trevor agreed to pay her $100 for a twenty-minute phone call, so Natalie spent the next few days planning what she would say during their conversation. She figured that since he probably lived in New York, she should bring up some places that she had visited or where she thought that they should go on a date. She didn’t want to waste their twenty minutes babbling about unimportant things like what kind of cereal he liked or how many siblings he had. Still, she also didn’t want to overwhelm him with information about her life and how awesome it was, so she practiced talking about why she wanted to meet someone new—and why he should meet her. Natalie arrived at the coffee shop on West 11th Street fifteen minutes early. After looking around for a few minutes, she spotted a guywho was fiddling with his phone and tried to remember why she had chosen that particular place. The interior of the building made her feel even more anxious about the upcoming conversation, because it was so different from any other coffee shop that she had ever been in. The walls were painted with bright colors, and the furnishings looked like they had all been custom-made. She didn’t recognize any of the students in the cafe—all of them were young and fashionable, and none of them seemed to be drinking coffee or eating pastries. As a result, Natalie was certain that there wasn’t anyone else in the shop who was there to meet someone like her.
When a door across the room opened, Natalie turned around and gasped when she saw Trevor Lockwood striding toward her with a warm smile on his face. He was carrying his phone in one hand and looked like he had just gotten off work, because he was wearing a white button-down shirt and black pants. He had short brown hair that looked as if it hadn’t been combed in a while, and he was wearing black designer glasses. She held out her hand and tried not to look nervous as he shook it, but she couldn’t stop shivering fromhead to toe.
“Hi.” Trevor said, smiling at Natalie again. “You look even more beautiful than your pictures. I really hope you like them, because I spent a lot of time choosing them.”
He walked over to the only available table and pulled out a chair for Natalie. There were three other chairs at the table, and Natalie could see that Trevor was sitting next to a young woman who was holding an infant. Natalie sat down in the other middle seat so that she could put some distance between herself and Trevor Lockwood. He didn’t seem to notice this awkward gesture, however, because his attention was fixed on her as soon as she sat down.
“Are you hungry?” he asked her. Natalie nodded and pointed at the menu above the counter. Trevor looked at it for a moment before ordering her an almond croissant with coffee, and then he thanked the cashier by name. Natalie glanced around the room again to see if anyone else was paying attention to them, because she had never been in a restaurant that served so much wine before.
When the cashier smiled at Trevor and nodded at him, Natalie thought about asking if she knew Trevor very well, but she didn’t want to look nosy. She tried to imagine the sort of relationship a person could have with someone who worked at this restaurant, but she couldn’t come up with anything.
When the food arrived, Trevor turned his attention away from Natalie again and began eating his lunch. He chatted with the woman holding the baby and occasionally turned to Natalie every few minutes to ask her how her food was. It was obvious that he had been here many times before, because he didn’t have to take more than a few bites from any of his meals before putting them down and pushing the plates towards the center of the table.
Natalie finished her meal rather quickly because she was nervous, and then she asked for dessert when Trevor was not looking. He told her that it wasn’t polite to ask for dessert until after one finishes their main meal, but Natalie insisted that she was on vacation and needed to treat herself. Trevor and the woman with the baby exchanged a brief glance before Trevor nodded in agreement.
The woman paid for her food while the two men sat at the table together. She had long brown hair tied up in a bun, and she was dressed in a tight red sweater that showed off her cleavage. When she handedTrevor the bill, he paid her with a fifty-dollar bill and then pocketed the change. The woman smiled at Trevor, and she said something that made him laugh as she walked out of the restaurant. Natalie hoped that Trevor wouldn’t offer to pay for her meal, because she wanted to get out of there as soon as possible.
Shortly after the woman left, Trevor got up and walked to the window. Natalie noticed how handsome he looked when he turned around, and she was glad that none of her friends were with her so that they wouldn’t make fun of her for being attracted to him.
Trevor turned around suddenly to ask Natalie if it was time for the check yet, but he quickly turned away again when he saw that she was still finishing her dessert. As they were leaving, Natalie tried not to look at any of the other customers in the restaurant for fear that they would recognize her from high school or college.
It took Natalie a minute to remember his address after he told her where it was. On the way there, Trevor talked about all of his favorite foods and places to eat in New York City. By the time they arrived at his building’s lobby, Natalie could tell that he had become bored withtalking about himself.
When Trevor held the door open for her, Natalie had a brief fantasy of him taking her out to dinner and paying for it with his credit card. After getting lost twice and ending up in Times Square, Natalie tried to look at everything as if she were on vacation. When they finally arrived at Trevor’s building, Natalie reached into her purse for the cash that she had brought with her so that she could give it to Trevor in exchange for phone sex.
Trevor unlocked his apartment door and they walked into a small foyer with beige carpeting, a doorman booth, and several mailboxes. Natalie started to turn around, but Trevor pushed her past the mailboxes and headed up a flight of stairs while turning on lights along the way. At the top of the stairs, Trevor showed her another flight of stairs that led to his apartment, but she said that she wanted to go back down because she wasn’t interested in going any farther. Trevor asked her if she wanted to see some pictures of his family instead.
When Natalie told him that she didn’t care about his family, he started telling her all about himself instead. When she told him that she wasn’t interested in reading what hewrote, he stood up and took her by the hand. Natalie could tell he was taller than her by at least six inches. He told Natalie that she didn’t need to be so cold toward him because he was just trying to give her $100 for talking and listening to him on the phone. Still holding her hand, Trevor led Natalie into a dark bedroom with a black leather couch and one white wall that held a large painting. When he asked her if it was good enough for him to get naked on, she shook her head no and pulled her hand out of his.
Trevor took off his jacket and shirt, and he turned around slowly while opening his belt so that Natalie could get a good look at him as he took off his jeans. As soon as Natalie saw the small tattoo on Trevor’s left butt cheek, she realized that this was not going to be an easy way to get $100. Trevor put his wallet down on the table and began taking off his underwear. Natalie stood up and went back down the stairs without saying anything.
When she arrived at the bottom of the stairs, she tried to think of an excuse for leaving so that Trevor wouldn’t be able to follow her outside and try anything. Natalie toldTrevor that she needed to call a taxi, and he offered to drive her home instead. She didn’t want to get into his car again, so she insisted that he walk her down the street to call one instead.
Natalie dialed a cab company on her cell phone and asked the dispatcher to send a car over as soon as possible. Hearing Trevor run up behind her, Natalie started walking faster, pretending like she was in a hurry to get home. When he put his hand on her shoulder, she stopped running and turned around. Trevor tried to kiss her but Natalie pushed him away and said that she didn’t want anything to do with him.
As soon as he heard the taxi pull up, Trevor insisted that they go inside his car so she could use his phone to call her own taxi company. Natalie refused again, but he kept following her while asking what was wrong with him. She took a step backward toward the cab just as Trevor grabbed her arm and pulled her forward into the apartment building’s lobby without letting go of her arm until they were standing in front of his door.
Trevor placed his hand on the small of Natalie’s back as he turned around to hold open the door for her, thenpressed his body against hers while still holding the door open. He reached under Natalie’s chin and lifted it up so she was forced to look at him, and asked her what was wrong.
Natalie told Trevor that she had no idea what he was talking about. He kept asking her how she could not love him after all that they had been through together. She said that she wasn’t interested in anything beyond a normal conversation with a casual stranger, nothing more than that. Trevor looked at her like she was crazy and demanded to know why she wasn’t attracted to him if he was the most handsome man that she had ever seen. Natalie was getting scared now, so she told him that if they were going to keep talking, they needed to keep some distance between them or else she would have to start screaming before he ripped her clothes off. Trevor said that he didn’t want to hurt her but that if she wasn’t interested in him, there was nothing he could do about it.
Natalie opened the door and stepped into the hallway but Trevor pulled her back and kissed her again. He was holding onto her arms so tightly that she couldn’t even move them, so Natalie started pushing on his chest withher hands. She was screaming now, begging him to let her go, but he wasn’t stopping. His grip was too strong for her to break free, and when Natalie realized that he was stronger than she was, she stopped fighting him. She told Trevor that if he didn’t let her go right now then there would be nothing left of her for him to have. Trevor looked like he understood what she meant, so Natalie went on the offensive and clawed at his face and hair until she could grab ahold of his ear and pull hard enough to make him let go of her arms.
Natalie made a run for it, running down the hall towards the street. She stopped for a moment at the foot of the stairs that led to their room, and then she turned around and looked back towards Trevor but he was nowhere in sight. When Natalie left the building, she found herself standing in front of a small brownstone on West 43rd Street near 8th Avenue. She had no idea where she was, but when she looked at her cell phone again and realized that it was still blinking, it occurred to her that maybe Trevor had taken her somewhere else. Natalie decided to look through her purse in case she had left a business card withthe hotel phone number, and she was surprised to find the note she had written earlier. It was torn and wrinkled, but after smoothing it out, Natalie could see that it was the same note that she had written to Trevor earlier.
She must have dropped it when he tried to pull her into his room, which meant he had brought her here on foot from the building they were in earlier. That was the only explanation as to why she was standing outside a different building. But where was Treyvone Lockwood? Had he left her here to die alone? Was this his way of getting rid of her after he had finished using her? It seemed too cruel for Trevor to leave her here like this, and Natalie thought he might return at any moment. She didn’t think she had the energy left in her to run again. All she wanted to do was sleep, so Natalie put the note back in her purse and then stood in front of the brownstone waiting for Trevor to come back for her.
It took a long time before she heard footsteps walking towards her from behind, and when she finally turned around, it wasn’t Trevor Lockwood who was coming towards her. It was a middle-aged woman, dressed in black fromhead to toe, wearing thick, black sunglasses and carrying a large briefcase in one hand. She nodded at Natalie before briskly walking past her without saying a word.
Natalie didn’t know what to do, so she decided to follow the woman, hoping that she would figure out exactly where she was. When Natalie did pass by this woman again though, she still had not told Natalie where they were going or what they were doing. It became clear that the woman could not trust herself talking to people as she kept a straight face and never looked anyone in the eye.
The woman moved like a robot as if she was either distracted or being controlled by someone else. As they continued walking, Natalie noticed how the area began transforming into a more affluent neighborhood compared to where they had started out. The buildings were no longer dingy brownstones but instead quaint houses with large lawns and beautiful gardens.
After walking about twenty blocks, the woman paused at a brownstone with an elegant front porch decorated with wicker chairs and potted plants at each corner of the house. She fumbled through a few items in her briefcase before pulling out some keys and unlocking the door. Inside were three other women, dressed similarly to Natalie’s kidnapper butwith longer hair and different skin tones. They all seemed to be in the same business as Natalie as their shirts had initials on them that read “CPA,” “CPT,” and “CFA.”
Natalie didn’t know what to think of this situation as she stood in the foyer looking around at all the women. The woman who had brought Natalie there gave her a business card and told her that she was not allowed to leave until they were done interviewing her. Instantly, Natalie knew this wasn’t something she wanted to be a part of, but she was unsure how to get out of the situation. She had been forced into this whole experience against her will so she knew there would be nothing easy about getting away from here.
During this time, Trevor was still tied up in the basement thinking that the others were done with him for good. After being there for a few hours, he began losing hope that he would be rescued. As he lay on his cot, he wondered why he had taken it upon himself to steal the money from those three men. He knew that what they had done was wrong, but he hadn’t realized just how much danger his actions would puthim in.
He wondered if Natalie had called the police and told them where he was. He hoped she hadn’t because that would mean they wouldn’t be able to find him before the cops got there and he feared what might happen if they did.
As he laid there on his cot waiting for whatever might happen next, he couldn’t help but wonder why Natalie had been so willing to accept the money in trade for her freedom. Trevor wondered if she had done it because she truly wanted to or because she desperately needed the money.
Trevor was finally able to pry one of his arms free from the rope which kept him bound and tied to his cot. After doing this, he was able to free himself and run out of the basement as fast as he could before he got caught.
When Natalie saw Trevor running past her through the foyer she was so startled that she almost fell over herself. She couldn’t believe that Trevor Lockwood had managed to get past her guard and get out of the house before she could stop him. There was no way she could let him escape because he had already killed two people in a previous incident and she suspected that he might be a serial killer.Natalie ran out of the front door to chase after him but she wasn’t quick enough. She lost sight of Trevor’s back somewhere in Times Square as he sprinted down the street.
Now that Trevor was gone, Natalie had no choice but to go to the police. However, she didn’t know where she thought Trevor could have possibly gotten away to. It was a fairly busy area so it should have been easy for her to figure out where he went, but her head was still reeling from the shock of seeing him escape so suddenly.
Trevor didn’t have much time to think about what had just happened because once the adrenaline wore off he knew that his body would start to experience the pain from being tied up all day. Trevor knew it would be a long night ahead of him so he started sprinting as fast as he could without breaking his ankle. He knew that Natalie wouldn’t give up until she caught him, but he hoped if he ran far enough away from her that she wouldn’t find him again.
Trevor had been running for about twenty minutes when he noticed an alley which had a dumpster placed next to a building’s side entrance. He decided that this wouldbe the best place for him to hide since it was late at night and nobody would think twice about seeing him there.
Trevor started digging around in the dumpster until he found an old cardboard box and some newspapers to keep himself warm with. He figured that it would be a good idea to change his clothes since he didn’t want anyone recognizing him from the newspaper photos that just came out. After changing his clothes, Trevor crawled into the box and waited for morning.

   Natalie slowly walked to the front of the police station where she found a few officers standing outside waiting for her. She approached them and they escorted her inside without saying a word to her.
Even though it had been hours since she had seen Trevor Lockwood, she was still scared that he might come back and kill her at any moment. She was always worried that if the police didn’t catch him in time, he would find her and kill her out of spite for the fact that she escaped from his clutches.
Once Natalie arrived at the station, they showed her into an interrogation room where there were two officers waiting for her. One of them introduced himself as Detective Wilford and then the other one introduced himself as Detective Crenshaw. After introducing themselves, the detectives sat opposite Natalie and asked her to tell them what happened between the time she met Trevor Lockwood up until when she escaped from him. She talked about having met Trevor online, how he had pretended to be interested in a relationship with her and how he lured her to his apartment. She told them everything that happened, including the part about how she saw Trevor’s collection of clothes used to blindfold women.
Detective Wilford and Detective Wilford were both impressed by the fact that she was able to escape from Trevor’s apartment after being held captive for so long and they asked her how she managed to do it. Natalie told them that Trevor Lockwood turned his back on her when he went downstairs when she heard the car pulling up outside. It was at that moment that Natalie managed to free herself from the ropes Trevor had tied her up with by using the ropes to make a makeshift lasso.
“That’s remarkable,” Detective Wilford said after listening to her story. “Not many people are able to escape from a serial killer like that.”
Detective Wilford agreed with Detective Wilford and then he asked Natalie how she thought Trevor had managed to keep her trapped in his apartment for so long. Natalie told them that she thought Trevor had probably done it before and that he might have done it to other women.
The detectives thanked Natalie for her help and then they asked her if she would be willing to help them apprehend Trevor Lockwood. Natalie agreed to help them and so the detectives put out an APB for Trevor’s car.
A few hours later, the police found Trevor’s car parked in a garage in Times Square. They surrounded the garage and then they called out for Trevor to come out with his hands up. Trevor came out of the garage with his hands up and he was promptly arrested by the police.
Natalie Harper was a hero for helping the police catch a dangerous serial killer like Trevor Lockwood before he could hurt anyone else .