  Shannon Chambers’ eyes were shut tightly. Her lips were pursed together. She was clutching a pillow with one hand while the other was pressed against her forehead. It felt like there was an ice cube on top of her head. She took in a deep breath and released it slowly, trying to relax herself. The pain was gone but the feeling of loss still remained, as it had since her father passed away two months ago.

Shannon squeezed her eyes shut. Tears started to well up in them. She tried desperately to fight them back but they eventually seeped through. She let out a small sob and held her father’s pillow closer.

She was about to cry even more when her mother, who was lying next to her in the bed, opened her eyes. Shannon froze.

“Shannon? Are you crying?”

Shannon nodded, sniffling quietly. Her mother laid her father’s head right on top of Shannon’s body.

Shannon placed both arms around her father’s head and hugged him tightly. His head was still cold to the touch but she welcomed it, hoping that it would keep her warm for a while. She pressed her cheek against him, sniffling again as she tried to get herself together.

She looked up at her mother and saw a sad smile on her face. Shannon wiped the tears from her eyes and said, “I miss him so much.”

“I know you do, honey. But he’s not in any pain anymore. He’s not suffering. And you will see him again, hopefully sooner than later. You will now have two guides to help you along the way until the day comes when we are all reunited with our loved ones.”

Shannon moved her arms out from around her father’s head but hugged him again. “What guides?”

Her mother kissed her on the cheek and said, “Your books will be your guides now. They will lead you on a path made of words and stories that will provide both comfort and information until the day we are all reunited.”

Now Shannon looked up at her agent and saw that she too was crying softly. “What happened?” Shannon asked, wiping her own tears away with the sleeve of her sweatshirt. “Why are you all crying?”

Her agent took a couple of deep breaths and said, “I’m sorry, Shannon. I really am. I’m so sorry. But the publisher can’t publish your book as is. And they don’t want to make any changes or adjustments to it.”

Shannon looked at her with a stunned face and said, “What are you talking about?”

Her agent wiped away more of her tears and explained, “I showed the publisher your first draft. And once they read it, they said it was terrible.”

Shannon’s mouth dropped open in shock. “Terrible? What do you mean? Are you saying that it isn’t any good? That I suck as an author? That I should give up and become a waitress?”

Her agent looked Shannon in the eye and said, “No. Of course not! Don’t be silly, Shannon. This is just a bump in the road. You’re going to be fine. You just need to let this one go and move on to the next project. You’ll do great with that one!”

Shannon closed her eyes. She breathed deeply. She opened her eyes again and said, “Move on? Move on to what? What ever happened to my books needing me? What ever happened to their begging me to write them? What happened to the stories that were desperate to be told?”

Her agent’s eyes widened. “You haven’t talked to them yet? You really do need some rest. I think it might be best if you went home today and rested for a bit. Now, don’t worry about this one. I’m going to talk to the publisher and they will change their minds. You just take care of yourself right now and we’ll get back on track in no time.”

Shannon forced a smile. “Thanks, Sam. I guess I knew that, but I just needed to hear it from you.”

Her agent smiled back. “Of course! Whenever you need me. Just remember that I’m here for you whenever you call.”

Shannon nodded and said, “I know. Thanks. I really do have to go home now.” Shannon stood up and gave her agent a hug. “I’ll get through this,” she said quietly to herself as she walked out of the office.

Her agent said, “Shannon? Shannon! Where are you going? We need to talk about what publisher to approach for your next book.”

Shannon sighed. “I’ll think about it and let you know when I get home later, okay?”

Her agent smiled again. “Alright, honey. Do whatever you want. I have some work to do myself, so I’ll talk to you later!”

Shannon walked home with no idea of what her next step would be. She knew that she couldn’t give up on writing, but for now she wasn’t sure how much longer she could push through the pain of failure. She was so tired of trying and failing.

Finally, she arrived on her front porch. She unlocked the door and went inside, kicking off her shoes. Abby was sitting on the couch with a steaming mug of coffee in her hands. Shannon could tell that her best friend had been crying.

Shannon closed the door behind her and walked over to join her on the couch. “Where’s your ring?” Shannon asked, noting that Abby’s engagement ring was missing from her finger.

“Oh, I took it off because I keep hitting the buttons on the touch screen with my fat fingers. Now, Shannon! Tell me what you want to do about your stupid book! I don’t understand what you see in writing anyway! You spend all of your time locked up in your home, typing away, getting no exercise at all. And what do you get for this? Nothing!

Shannon had never seen Abby so irritated. It made her mad and she was glad that her fiancé was out of town for work again. She moved the coffee mug out of her way and scooted over so that she was closer to Shannon. “Okay, you can move closer. I’m not going to bite you or anything. But you need to decide what it is that you want to do. Do you want to become a big-time author or do you want to just quit?”

Shannon moved away from her best friend and stood up. “I don’t want to talk about this anymore. I’m going to go to sleep, okay?” Shannon said as she moved away, heading towards her bedroom.

“Shannon, come here! You can’t just keep doing this! You need to do something about your stupid book and you need to do it right now!”

She turned around and headed back towards the living room. “What do you want me to do about it?”

Abby took a deep breath. “I want you to write another book! Have you thought of that?”

Shannon thought for a second, then said, “I can’t tell you anything about that right now. I’m just going to write a second book and then I’ll send it to the publisher and they’ll decide if they like it or not.”

Shannon sat down on the couch and started to get serious about her writing career again. She decided that she was going to write another book for her agent, and then a third and a fourth book, then publish them all, one after another. She had been through this process before. Getting published in four years would be hard work, but it was doable. Shannon had been writing books for seven years. If she could write all these books, she would have a great career.

“I hope you figure out what it is you want to do and do it soon,” said Abby. “I don’t want to watch you waste your time on this stupid writing crap.”

Shannon decided that she needed to write something for her agent right away, and then she would try writing about her life.

She got up from the couch and walked into the bedroom. Shannon found a piece of paper in her desk drawer, tore it out, and sat down at the computer. She turned on the computer, found a blank document, and started to write. Shannon wrote about her life, but when she tried to write about her past, she realized that there was nothing in her life that was worth writing about. Nothing that made her feel anything anymore. Nothing that changed her life in any meaningful way. Nothing worth telling the world about, or anyone else for that matter.

“All right,” said Shannon, taking a sip from her glass of wine. “I’m done.”

She put the first draft of her book on the floor next to her nightstand and took out a piece of paper. She wrote a note to Abby and left it by the computer.

Shannon’s hand shook as she wrote Luke’s phone number on the paper. She set it on the desk next to her computer and picked up her glass of wine. Shannon decided to drink it all, even though she didn’t feel like it, to wash away the taste of failure. With a sigh, she put the glass to her lips. The heat from the wine burned her mouth and throat as it traveled down into her stomach.

“I should have gone dancing with Abby tonight,” she thought. “I should have gotten drunk and made out with some hot guy. That would have been more fun than sitting here, staring at a blank screen.”

It was a warm June evening out in Central Park. Shannon stood on the concrete path that led to the boathouse and leaned against the railing overlooking the water. She closed her eyes and moved her face closer to the sun.

Shannon opened her eyes. Below in the park, a couple passed by holding hands, moving slowly under the shade of trees. They were moving towards the boathouse where she stood leaning on the railing, just like she was doing now.

“Maybe I should move?” Shannon thought. “It will be less awkward if I move.”

She started to move but hesitated for a moment and stopped again. Then she decided that it wouldn’t be a big deal if she stayed there, so she continued leaning against the railing.

The couple moved closer to the boathouse and stopped in front of Shannon.

“Can we take a look at the view over here?” The man said.

“Sure,” Shannon replied. “Be careful though; it gets really slippery out here.”

The couple moved past Shannon and stood close to each other in front of the railing. Then they moved closer to each other and started hugging each other tightly.

“They are moving in for a kiss,” Shannon thought with a smile on her face. “Maybe now I shouldn’t move after all. It would be nice to watch them kiss.”

She took a sip from the wine glass and heard footsteps coming towards her. She turned around to see Luke walking towards her.

“Hi, I’m Luke,” He said and smiled at her.

“I’m Shannon,” She replied and smiled back.

They shook hands briefly, but Luke soon realized that he should have offered his hand for longer than he did. So they shook hands again, this time for longer. Then they stopped at the coffee shop on the lakeside to have a cup of coffee.

“So, you moved out of your apartment. I hope you are doing ok?” Luke said as they sat down at a table.

“Yeah, I think it will be better to live somewhere else for a while now,” Shannon answered and moved her eyes to a group of three people who were passing them by.

There was a tall, dark-haired woman in the lead. She had moved to another table nearby, where two men were sitting. One was reading a newspaper and the other was drinking coffee from a cup with foam on top. The three of them looked happy together, as if they were enjoying the fact that everything was moving smoothly for them in that moment.

“Have a nice coffee,” The barista said loudly as he walked by. “Have a nice date…”

Shannon moved her eyes to the tall, dark-haired woman again. Shannon turned to Luke and said: “Maybe moving somewhere else will help me clear my head. Maybe I could go somewhere in Europe or Asia. Just move out of my apartment and away from here. Just to have some space for a change.”

“Moving to Europe? Asia? That sounds like a great idea. You should do it,” Luke answered with a wide smile on his face. “When do you want to go?”

“I don’t know yet, but I am moving out of my apartment,” she said.

“I will come over one of these days and help you move your stuff out of your apartment,” Luke said earnestly. “Where are you going to move to? Somewhere closer to work? Closer to school? Or somewhere completely different?”

Shannon smiled back at him and took a sip of her latte. “I’ll tell you everything when I know myself, but I have to end this relationship first,” Shannon said.

The smile on Luke’s face faded and he asked Shannon, “What happened? Why is it over? What is going on? Things were going quite well for a while.”

Shannon took another sip of her latte. “Things were good for a bit, but I just can’t do this anymore. It was going so well… I started liking him and now I’m moving out of my apartment and thinking about moving to Europe or Asia. Do you know how ridiculous that sounds? What am I going to do there? What will I tell my parents? Or my agent for that matter? Or my best friend, who keeps telling me to move on?” Shannon paused and looked up at the ceiling. “This is just a stupid mistake. I’ve got to end it now before it gets worse—before I make an even bigger fool out of myself,” she said softly. “But I can’t move out tonight.”

Luke put his hand on Shannon’s and said, “Why not move in with me? You don’t have to decide anything tonight. Just give it some thought. Think about what you want to do and decide tomorrow. Why not move in with me for a few days and move your stuff into my place?”

Shannon gave the same reasons she gave her best friend for not moving in with Luke. Shannon was hesitant to let Luke know how serious she had gotten about him, but she knew that if she didn’t move in with him now it would be even more difficult to move on later.

In the apartment, Shannon decided that she wanted to move in with Luke, and so did he. That settled, they went off for pizza and beer and spent the rest of the evening discussing their lives. Shannon told Luke about her childhood, about living with her mother and moving around, about her father dying, and about the failed book.

The next day Shannon moved all of her stuff into Luke’s apartment. She put most of it in his bedroom, where his bed was already set up. She didn’t put his bed together. Instead, she kept it separate, on some sheets in the middle of the room. She put a few books on his desk, and a few other things in the kitchen.

After Shannon moved her stuff into Luke’s apartment, they spent a lot of time together. Shannon spent long hours at Luke’s apartment, and they often went out together. Shannon’s second book started to take shape with Luke’s help. But the relationship between Shannon and Luke was also beginning to take shape.

Over the next few weeks, they grew closer. Their conversations became more revealing and intimate. The topics shifted from Shannon’s work to her personal life, and Luke told her about growing up in a small town, about his childhood friends and schoolmates. Luke confided in Shannon about his mother and his failed engagement.

The conversations helped both of them move forward with their lives, with Luke helping Shannon with her second book and Shannon helping Luke to overcome his struggles with women. It was a turning point for both of them, and they were falling in love.

Shannon spent more time at Luke’s apartment than she did at her own place. She was also starting to care for him, and she wanted to spend more time with him.

But this love affair didn’t last long. While Shannon and Luke were falling in love, publishers were already showing interest in Shannon’s second manuscript. She had been a bit distracted while working on her first book, and the result was disappointing. But her second book was different. There wasn’t anything holding her back from getting published.

Publishers were still interested in Shannon’s first book, however. She was invited to meetings with editors at different publishing houses and asked to give them updates on how her second book was coming along. She promised them that she would be moving forward with the publication of her second book next month.

Publishers eventually offered Shannon a deal with one of their publishing houses, and she signed the contract right away.

Shannon moved in with Luke almost immediately after she started working on her second book, because it was close to her new office. The only problem was that they didn’t have enough privacy. They spent too much time around each other and needed space. Shannon wanted to find another place, a place of her own, so that she could be alone when she needed to work on her second book.

She found a small apartment on the third floor of a building near Samantha’s office. After she packed all of her belongings, she moved into her new place. If she needed anything, Sam was just a few minutes away and would come over with groceries or take her out for lunch.

After settling into her new place, Shannon called Samantha to tell her about her decision to move. “The apartment is comfortable and close to your office,” Shannon explained, “so I thought you might like it.”

“It sounds perfect. Are you ready to start working on your second book?”

“Yes,” she said, “and I already have a great editor. Her name is Rebecca Saunders. She used to work at Samhain, but now she works at HarperCollins and has agreed to edit my book.”

Sam was silent for a few seconds and then said, “She’s a great editor. She really knows what she’s doing. Her edits are brilliant and always precise.”

Shannon nodded in agreement and said, “I think this editing process is going to be much smoother than the last one.”

Sam agreed, “I’m sure it will be. You’re moving in the right direction, Shannon.”

Shannon smiled, “Are you coming over?”

“Definitely. I will come and move your things in.”

“Thank you, Sam, I really appreciate it. Bye.” She hung up the phone and ran to her computer desk. She opened her email account and typed the subject line for her email: Move In with Samantha. She typed a quick message into the email body and hit send.

She moved back to her desk and sat down. She started working on revising her manuscript, but then suddenly felt exhausted and decided to take a break for lunch. She closed her laptop and left her desk.

She moved into the living room and sat down on the couch. She was about to turn on the television when she heard her front door open. She walked into the hallway and saw Sam setting down her bags.

Sam turned around to face Shannon and said, “Moving your stuff in?”

Shannon smiled, “I thought you might be moving in.”

“I am. Are you ready to go now?” Sam asked.

“Yes, I am. I have a lot of boxes to pack up, but I don’t want to take too much time. It’s going to be a long day.” Shannon grabbed the keys from the key hook by the entry door and held them out for Sam.

“Want me to carry anything?” Sam asked.

Shannon looked up at her, “No, I’m okay. Thank you though.”

Sam and Shannon walked out to their cars. They both got into their cars and buckled up for the drive to Rebecca Saunders’ offices. It took about forty minutes for them to move everything. Sam moved her clothes and books into the guest bedroom and Shannon moved her clothes into the master bedroom.

Rebecca’s office was located in an old Victorian-style mansion. It had been converted into a boutique publishing company. The old-fashioned mahogany woodwork, high ceilings and large windows made it feel more like a home than an office building.

When Sam and Shannon arrived Rebecca was in her office, talking to a tall woman with long straight brown hair. She wore a green dress with matching pumps and carried a yellow purse. She looked familiar to Shannon but she couldn’t place her.

Rebecca looked up and smiled at them, “Hey girls! I presume you are here about your book? Come on in!” She pointed toward the office door.

The three women entered Rebecca’s office and sat at the conference table across from each other. Rebecca had a pad of paper in front of her. The tall woman slid the yellow purse to the floor, turned to face them and extended her hand, “Hi, I am Susan. I am here to discuss the details of your book signing next week. Let me give you some background information on myself before we move onto business.”

Rebecca glanced at Shannon, “Susan and I go way back. We met in college. We decided to move to Seattle and start our own publishing company together instead of going out into the world and trying our luck in an already crowded job market.”

Susan smiled, “Well it worked out for us! We now run one of the most successful publishing houses in the Pacific Northwest. Don’t you think so, Rebecca?”

Rebecca nodded, “Yes it did. So how was your trip to Los Angeles, Susan?”

Susan laughed, “It was … ummm … interesting. I went with Shannon to her agent’s offices and we signed a two-book deal with them. Shannon’s second book will debut in a few months. I think we should probably go with the old standby location for Shannon’s book signing. We have had great success there.”

Shannon looked at Susan, “I thought we were going to move the signing to Central Park?”

Susan smiled, “That is where we had it last year. That was before I knew that you moved to Los Angeles permanently. Shannon, the Seattle area really has no need for another book signing location. It is centrally located and easily accessible from all over the city. Plus if you sign there, it is easy to get to your house afterwards. You can always have a book signing at your house in Los Angeles too.”

Shannon shrugged, “Ok, I guess. Anyway the move to Los Angeles was prompted by my dad’s death. He left me his house here and my mom lives in Montana so I decided to move here.” Shannon paused, “Anyway, I am moving all of my things into her new house. She is renting it from a friend of hers. Her name is Rebecca Saunders and she owns the publishing company where I signed for my new book. We are moving her things into her new house today.”

Susan looked at Shannon and smiled, “I love her! She has been so helpful to you. Is she like your editor or something?”

Shannon smiled, “Sort of. She is my agent for my books but also like a mentor to me too. I am excited to be moving in with her because it will be so much fun.”

“Yes, I read your book and it was very moving. Your agent is a smart woman because she helped you make that book so much better. You must have sent her a great manuscript because that was the best kind of self-help book. I want to thank you for agreeing to meet with me today. That is why I wanted to have this meeting in Central Park, because I wanted you to get a feel for our bookstore. The Barnes and Noble here is nice but it is not central enough and it does not have a great atmosphere. We moved our store to the West Village because when people travel to New York they want a bookstore that has a great community feel. We want people to come in and connect with each other. That is why we moved our store here and I think it was a great decision. We have an excellent selection of titles too, so it is a bookstore that everyone can enjoy.”

Shannon smiled, “How nice for you! It sounds like you have made your dreams come true.”

“Yes we did! So I hope you are going to move in with us because this will be a great fit. We move books out of the store here but don’t worry, yours won’t be one of them. This is a bookstore that allows for our authors to have readings and signing events. New Yorkers love reading so I think that would be very successful for us and good exposure for you. You can move a lot of books by coming to New York too!”

“Sounds great! That sounds like a good way to sell books, especially coming from someone with experience in New York.”

“Yes, I have experience in New York. And since it seems like your agent is moving to New York, we can make this happen very easily. There are also a lot of independent bookstores here too and we could do some smaller signings in those places as well. But most of them won’t be as good as this one. They will be much smaller and more intimate though so it would be nice to do that as well.”

Shannon nodded, “What if I want to do a book tour?”

“Of course! We can do a full on national tour for you if you like. Book tours are always successful when it comes to selling books. It will probably not sell as many copies as we would have here but we can also go to other parts of the country which would be better for when your book is released in paperback. It won’t be out in paperback until next year though so I don’t think we need to do any sort of tour until then.” Shannon nodded, her mind already spinning with new ideas. “So tell me what you want to talk about with book stores and I will make calls to the stores and see what we can work out. Do you want one store in every state?” Shannon started to laugh a little, “Well no. I don’t expect my book to sell that many copies but maybe one or two in each state. Maybe a few more in the bigger states like California and Texas or something like that. But no more than three or four per store.”