Shannon took a drag from her cigarette and exhaled her smoke into the cold night air. Her house was quiet now; she had finished unpacking everything and had spent the evening hours reading in her room. It was only ten o’clock, but Shannon knew she would be unable to fall asleep tonight. She knew this because this wasn’t the first time she had lost someone close to her.

Shannon was twenty-two years old but already had experienced more heartbreak than most people do in their entire lives. First, her mother left when she was two years old and later on it was her biological father who decided that he didn’t want anything to do with her anymore. Then, when Shannon was nineteen, her adoptive father had died of a heart attack at the age of forty-four. Three months later, Shannon found out that she had been rejected from Columbia and instead was accepted into NYU.

Although Shannon didn’t want to admit it, being rejected from Columbia had made her feel like a failure. Her father’s death just compounded the problem. She felt like people would always expect her to fail at everything she tried to do. Shannon knew that eventually she would get over the rejection, but she didn’t know how long it would take.

She had been forced to find a job in order to provide her own support, so that meant she hadn’t been able to spend all of her time writing. After trying for several weeks to write and coming up empty-handed, Shannon wasn’t sure if she would ever be able to write again. Her agent, Samantha Shaw, had warned her to give herself some time and suggested that Shannon start working on another book. Although it hadn’t been too long since she finished her first one, she figured it was worth a shot.

For the past couple of months, all Shannon had done was read other people’s books and pretend that they were stories about herself. This was hard for her because it made her feel as if she couldn’t think up new ideas of her own – which was something that she did all the time when she wrote short stories as a kid. Shannon doubted whether or not she would be able to write anything again, but luckily it wasn’t long before something started happening.

One morning, while Shannon was flipping through a magazine, an idea popped into her head and wouldn’t leave her alone untilshe began writing it down. This time, the ideas were coming to her more quickly than ever before. The more she thought about them, the easier it got for her to put words on paper. Writing the book took much less time than she was expecting, and soon she had finished the first draft of what would become her second novel. Shannon was happy with how it turned out, but she wasn’t sure if she should show it to anyone yet.

The only people who had read her first book were friends and family members, though Samantha Shaw had helped her get it published. Samantha had also been helping Shannon secure movie rights to the book, but so far there hadn’t been any interest in it by anyone in Hollywood. Recently, Shannon had spoken to one of her professors about selling movie rights, and he told her that unless your first book is a best-seller, it will be difficult to get movie rights for subsequent books. She was pretty pissed off with him for telling her that because he didn’t know anything about the movie business.

Shannon knew she had to show someone her second novel right away, but she wasn’t sure who. Samantha Shaw was the only other person who had read both of her novels, and Shannon didn’t want to pressure her into giving an opinion about it. She didn’t know if she could handle hearing negative feedback after all of the struggles she had gone through getting people to read her first book. Besides, Sam was a busy woman and she might find it very difficult to actually give Shannon any feedback on her work.

Shannon was also thinking about Luke Saunders. He had told Shannon that he would help her get movie rights for her book, but he had yet to do anything about it. In fact, Shannon hadn’t heard from Luke in almost a month. She was feeling a little bitter about that because he had promised to help her and he hadn’t followed through. However, Shannon didn’t want to be rude and just stop taking his calls completely because he was still a nice guy, even if he wasn’t being very helpful at the moment.

Shannon eventually decided that the best person to read her new novel was Abby Fuller. She knew that Abby would give her an honest opinion and there were likely to be no hard feelings if she didn’t like it. Abby had been one of Shannon’s best friends for almost ten years now, so she knewthat Abby wouldn’t hold back just because she didn’t want to hurt Shannon’s feelings.

Shannon sent Abby an email inviting her to lunch at a little café near NYU, and she waited outside of the café for a few minutes until Abby showed up. When Abby arrived, Shannon pointed out that they had been friends for a long time so they should be honest with each other. However, Shannon also wanted Abby to know that no matter what might happen, they would still both be her friends.

They got into the café and ordered some sandwiches. Shannon told Abby about what had happened in the past few months and she seemed genuinely sympathetic toward her struggles. For most of their lunch, the two women talked about normal things such as what was going on in their lives and any plans that they had for the weekend. But then Shannon changed the subject slightly by telling Abby about her new novel.

Shannon explained that she was really happy with it and she thought it might be her best work yet. However, she also said that she didn’t feel ready to share it with anyone else yet because she wasn’t sure how they would react. She was worried that they wouldn’t like it or that theymight be too critical of it, and she didn’t want to get too close to anyone until she knew what their response would be.

Abby thought about Shannon’s situation for a while and then told her that she sounded a bit insecure and like she was afraid of getting hurt. She told Shannon that she shouldn’t worry so much about what other people thought of her work, especially if they were the ones who were supposed to read it. If people didn’t like the novel, then she would be able to tell by reading their reactions and she could make changes accordingly. But there wasn’t much point in hiding for too long.

While Abby said this, Shannon slowly came to understand what Abby was saying, which allowed her to appreciate the advice more clearly. Shannon agreed with her friend and said that Abby was probably right about her needing to stop worrying so much about it, but she also told Abby that before she showed the work to others, there were still some other things that she wanted to do with it first. She told Abby about some of the changes that she had made and about how much she had learned through the process.

Abby was surprised by all of this and asked Shannon if she wantedany help in making her next novel. Shannon admitted that there was something she would like to ask Abby about and they agreed to meet for lunch the next day before the reading.

At home, Luke Saunders didn’t get very far in his discussion with his mother about his future plans because she suddenly said that she needed to go out, and then quickly rushed off in her car while Luke was still talking. Charles Chambers was now dead, but Luke had always been a little jealous of him because he thought he got to do everything that he wanted. He didn’t know what his mother’s plans for tonight were, but he was pretty sure that they didn’t involve him.

At the café next day, Shannon told Abby about how a few months earlier, she had spotted an older man who reminded her of her father and that he had introduced himself as Sam Shaw. She explained how he had managed to get her a meeting with his daughter, Samantha Shaw – the agent – and also arranged for her to take part in a two-week writing program at the New School. Shannon said that she had enjoyed both experiences and learned a lot, but then she confessed that even though she now had some confidence in her ability as a writer,she didn’t know if she wanted to do it anymore.

Abby listened attentively before she asked why. Shannon admitted that at the end of the summer, when Sam Shaw’s assistant had told her that he thought she had a voice, Shannon had felt really good about herself and she almost wanted to go back to where it all started, but instead she had gotten into an argument with Sam’s assistant and said that he would never have made the same mistake if he was a woman. Abby asked Shannon if her argument was true.

Shannon said that it wasn’t an easy question to answer, because she was still trying to work out what it meant to be a woman in the literary world and she didn’t always understand what being a feminist meant. She explained that Sam Shaw had spent more time with Abby than he did with her because he thought she was a better writer.

Abby agreed. She said that she liked working with Luke because they were both young and ambitious and they had both just started out in their careers. She said that it was important to be honest with yourself and not to get too much into your own head, just do your best and see where it leads you. Shannon smiledbefore saying that she liked being creative, but she wasn’t sure if she had faith in the people around her. Abby looked upset for a moment before assuring Shannon that she believed in her.

Shannon admitted that during her time at the New School, she had met an older man who had made her feel like the world was going crazy and everything was out of control. He had told her he had been watching from a distance and knew what she was going through, but then he told her that sometimes things worked out for the best even when they seemed like the worst thing imaginable. She asked Abby if she thought that was true, but Abby said she couldn’t answer because she didn’t know what Shannon meant by worst thing imaginable.
Abby pointed out that Shannon had her health and her family and good friends who were there for her. Shannon admitted that she felt really lucky, but Abby disagreed with the luck idea because everything she had done was down to hard work and dedication, so she was doing something right. She encouraged Shannon to finish the book about her life in New School and she would help her get it published.

Shannon thanked Abby for believing in her when everyone else seemed to have given up on her. Abbyadmitted that she was skeptical about the whole thing because she had never seen anyone so talented at such a young age, but Shannon needed to be told that she was good because if not she might give up.

Shannon admitted that Luke had been encouraging her to write a second book and since he had such faith in her, she would try working on that instead of the memoir. Abby agreed that since Luke believed in Shannon and knew what made her tick, he would help her write something really special.

Later, as Shannon drove home with Charlie, she wondered if she should ask him about his past so he could tell her some secrets like the ones that made a relationship work. She wondered if they got married if it would be the start of something good or the beginning of something very painful. She admitted that she was torn between two things and didn’t know what to do.
Charlie promised that he would always do his best and Shannon admitted that she admired how hard he worked to prove himself. Charlie admitted that he was only able to work so hard because Shannon believed in him, so without her believing, he didn’t know where he would be right now. He admitted that the only reason why they had been able to get this far was becauseof Shannon.
Shannon thought that was sweet but wondered what he meant by it and hoped it wasn’t more pressure for them to get married. Charlie promised that even if they didn’t get married, Shannon wouldn’t be alone without him because he would always do what he could to care for her and make sure she was happy. She smiled and got out of the car to go inside.

 
When Shannon returned home, she found Luke watching one of her favorite movies. She thanked him for coming over and apologized again for not being able to meet with him. She explained that after everything that had happened with her father she needed time alone and she felt silly for getting upset about it. Luke told her not to apologize, especially since he only really wanted to watch the movie anyway. They both started watching the movie while Shannon explained that if people really knew how she struggled with writing every day, they would tell her that she was crazy to do it. He told her that he didn’t think she was crazy and everyone had struggles in life but most people didn’t talk about them because they thought it made them look weak. Shannon assured him that she wasn’t weak and told Luke how much she admired his work. He told her how he had been working on a play and was going to send it to one of the directors downtown when he was finished. She then told him about her novel and all of her hopes for it with Sam Shaw, who thought the novel was incredible, at a meeting that night. Luke thought that was cool and told her about his play again before asking her what she wanted to do after meeting with Sam Shaw in the city. Shannon responded by telling him about NYU.

 
As they talked more, Luke told her more about himself, including the fact that he wrote plays and screenplays. He explained that many of the stories he wanted to tell were too expensive for movies or TV but that didn’t stop him from trying to get a story out there because he believed in what he was doing. He said, “And I’m not going to stop fighting for it.” Shannon was inspired by his determination and asked him if he could help her with her second book. He said she could count on him and he looked forward to helping her reach her dreams.

 
Shannon felt closer to Luke as they talked and she wanted to see what he looked like when he was working, so she asked him if they coulddo it together. He said that he was working on something at his house and that he had two hours until his mom got home and asked her if she could give him a hand. Shannon said yes and told him that Abby had left a message saying she would be over in an hour. Luke said that they should get started on her book in the meantime, so Shannon got up to go to his house.

 
Shannon’s head was spinning for the rest of the day because of all she had done and now she was going to go hang out with someone who lived across town. She didn’t know how Luke found her, but she couldn’t deny that he felt familiar in a way that made her feel safe. Her mom had always told her to stay away from boys, but no one ever told her why or how it could hurt them when they were older. She was twenty-two years old, though, and she never thought that someone couldn’t be trusted. It was always up to the individual. Luke didn’t set off any alarms in Shannon because she believed that no matter what happened, it was going to be okay and everything would work out the way it should.Shannon got in a cab and tried to relax as the driver drove her to Luke’s house. She had never been to his neighborhood before and she felt a little nervous because he lived so far away. The cab pulled up outside of an apartment building where Luke said he lived, which was weird for a person in their early twenties to not own or rent a house yet.

 
He was waiting for her outside when she got out of the cab, and they walked up the stairs together. Shannon noticed that he seemed embarrassed by his living situation and he told her that his mother bought the apartment building to rent out so she could have some extra income. He didn’t live at home anymore because there wasn’t enough room, but he said that as long as he lived close by, it was fine with his mom because it would make him more responsible.

 
They walked into the apartment building and up a dark flight of stairs until Luke finally stopped in front of an apartment. He unlocked the door, and Shannon took off her shoes when they went inside. They were in a big studio apartment with one window that looked out onto a courtyard below it where there were some other apartments. Luke had one whole wall covered with bookshelves and he had a record player on his table in the corner, along with a few records.

 
Shannon thought that he was cute and she tried to imagine herself as a single woman living in the apartment above Luke. She imagined coming home every night to an apartment decorated like Luke’s except with flowers instead of books and records. She imagined cooking dinner for herself and her imaginary husband before they would go to bed and make love. Shannon wondered if it was normal for girls her age to fantasize about getting married and having kids.

 
She shook herself out of her fantasy as Luke opened his laptop and started working on Shannon’s novel for the next few hours while she did nothing but lie in bed. Shannon couldn’t help but feel a little jealous because she wanted to be the one sitting at the computer writing a bestselling novel, but instead she was just lying in bed.

 
Luke finally stopped working and they sat down at his table for dinner, which consisted of a takeout pizza and a bottle of wine that he bought from the corner store. Shannon wondered if he was trying to impress her or if he always ate pizza for dinner with his friends. She decided it was probably normal, because who wants to eatat the kitchen table alone every night?

 
They talked about their jobs, childhoods, and any other topic that came up. They liked the same bands and played the same video games. They traded stories about all the crazy things they had done in high school, and Shannon was surprised to find out that Luke had been part of the popular crowd. He didn’t seem like someone who would fit in there, but she wasn’t about to argue with him about it.

 
After they finished their food, Shannon suggested playing a board game. After Luke told her that he didn’t have any board games other than a Monopoly set and Scrabble, they decided on playing Scrabble even though Shannon had never actually played before. She was terrible at the game, but Luke was good enough to let her win after she lost every hand. It took them hours to finish the game, which gave Shannon plenty of time to wonder if they were ever going to do anything “normal” like have sex or sleep together. She stopped worrying about it after Luke passed out on the couch and she cuddled up next to him.

 
The next morning, Shannon woke up alone in the living room and she saw thatLuke was still on the couch sleeping in his clothes. She got dressed, called a cab, and left without waking him up.

 
She called Samantha from the cab and told her that she had spent the night at Luke’s apartment, but she hadn’t slept with him yet. Samantha laughed and told her that it was normal for couples to have sex before sleeping together. Shannon didn’t think either option was particularly appealing, but she told Samantha that she would probably call her later if anything happened between her and Luke.

 
Shannon made it back to her apartment without any major hitchhikers, but since she didn’t know where Luke lived in the city, she had no idea if he was going to show up at her apartment looking for her. The thought made her nervous so Shannon grabbed a baseball bat that had been sitting in the corner of her bedroom ever since she moved into the apartment and used it to break every mirror in the house. She didn’t believe any of those superstitions about breaking mirrors, but it made her feel better to take some sort of action, even if it was completely pointless.

 
Shannon’s friends from work were surprised to see her at work on Monday. She told them about her father’s death and the subsequent funeral, but she didn’t elaborate on the argument she had with him and all of the other reasons he could have had for leaving her mother. She didn’t want to talk about the details of her life with them because she knew that they didn’t really care all that much. They asked about Luke, and Shannon told them that he was a good guy, but not a great guy. They told her to go for it because this was their chance to finally have a real relationship with someone who wasn’t related to them. Shannon said that there was no way she was going to have sex with him right away, so they thought she should just call Samantha Shaw and ask her what she should do next.

 
Shannon didn’t call Samantha Shaw until Tuesday night, because she needed a little more time before she could muster up the courage to call. She knew that it would be an awkward conversation, but she hoped that Samantha would be able to put her in touch with an agent who could represent Shannon. She knew that she wasn’t going to be able ask Samantha for another job – not when the only reason Shannon was hired as an assistantin the first place was because of Samantha’s relationship with her. She needed Samantha’s help, and she didn’t want to ask for it.

 
Shannon called her at eight-thirty on Tuesday night and left a message with her secretary saying that she really needed to talk to her and that she would appreciate it if they could set aside some time in the next couple of days for them to meet. A few minutes later, Shannon got a call from Samantha saying that she was glad that Shannon had called her back, because she had been thinking about how they were going to get Shannon another job. She asked if this had anything to do with Shannon’s ability to write, and Shannon said yes. They set an appointment for the next afternoon at four o’clock at a coffee shop near Samantha’s office.

 
The weather was beautiful on Wednesday, and Shannon left her house early so she wouldn’t be late. She met Samantha at a coffee shop that was across the street from where Samantha worked and they sat down to talk. Shannon asked about how she could become a published writer, and Samantha said that the easiest way to do this was to start by sending her the manuscript of her firstbook. If Samantha liked it, then she would submit it to her publishing contacts and let Shannon know what happened. If the publishing houses did not like the book, then Shannon could consider writing another one. Samantha told her that she would be happy to help her with either one.

 
Samantha laughed and said that this sounded like a good plan, but that there was one thing that she should know before they started working together. She hesitated for a moment before she continued and said that Shannon may decide at some point in the future that she doesn’t want to write anymore. She might decide to leave New School or even quit writing altogether. If Shannon did this, there would be no hard feelings, but their relationship would end. Shannon knew what Samantha was talking about, and she told her that it wouldn’t be a problem. Shannon asked what Samantha meant by “relationship” and Samantha said that she didn’t want Shannon to get the wrong idea about their relationship. She explained that they were not in a sexual relationship, and then she moved on with her explanation of what she meant when she said relationship.

 
Shannon wasn’t comfortable with the way things were going, but she knew that they had to talk about the book first. Shannon told Samantha that she would send her the manuscript as soon as possible, and they said their goodbyes.