
Premise: After the loss of her father, Shannon is determined to follow in his footsteps and become a successful journalist. However, when she lands her first major assignment, she quickly discovers that the ugly reality of life in the city is far different from the dream she imagined. With the help of her new friend, a street-wise teenager, Shannon comes to understand the harsh realities of life in the inner city and learns that sometimes the truth is much more than just a story.

Setting: The story is set in the inner city of a large metropolitan area.

Characters:
Gary Saunders: Gary Saunders is a teenage boy who lives in the inner city.
Shannon Doyle: Shannon Doyle is a young woman in her early twenties.
Mike Doyle: Mike Doyle is Shannon's father and a successful journalist.
Lena Saunders: Lena Saunders is Gary's mother and a local business owner.


Outline:

1. Shannon's father, Mike, dies unexpectedly, leaving her determined to follow in his footsteps and become a successful journalist. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Doyle, Mike Doyle

        a. Shannon's father, Mike, dies unexpectedly. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Doyle, Mike Doyle

                i. Shannon's father, Mike, dies unexpectedly. Scene: Shannon's home. Characters: Shannon Doyle, Mike Doyle

                ii. Shannon inherits her father's estate. Scene: Shannon's home. Characters: Shannon Doyle, Mike Doyle

                iii. Shannon moves to the city. Scene: Shannon's home. Characters: Shannon Doyle

        b. Shannon decides to follow in her father's footsteps and become a successful journalist. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Doyle, Mike Doyle

                i. Shannon applies for a job at a local news station. Scene: Shannon's home. Characters: Shannon Doyle

                ii. Shannon's boss, the news director, assigns her to the inner city beat. Scene: Shannon's home. Characters: Shannon Doyle

2. Shannon lands her first major assignment, a feature on the inner city, but quickly discovers that the ugly reality of life in the city is far different from the dream she imagined. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Doyle, Lena Saunders

        a. Shannon lands her first major assignment, a feature on the inner city. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Doyle, Lena Saunders

                i. Shannon lands her first major assignment. Scene: the newsroom of a local newspaper. Characters: Shannon Doyle

                ii. Shannon goes to the inner city to begin her assignment. Scene: the inner city. Characters: Shannon Doyle

        b. Shannon quickly discovers that the ugly reality of life in the city is far different from the dream she imagined. Scene: the inner city. Characters: Shannon Doyle

3. With the help of her new friend, Gary, Shannon comes to understand the harsh realities of life in the inner city and learns that sometimes the truth is much more than just a story. Scene:  Characters: Gary Saunders, Shannon Doyle

        a. Shannon meets Gary. Scene:  Characters: Gary Saunders, Shannon Doyle

                i. Shannon meets Gary. Scene: the inner city. Characters: Gary Saunders, Shannon Doyle

                ii. Shannon and Gary become friends. Scene: the inner city. Characters: Gary Saunders, Shannon Doyle

        b. Gary teaches Shannon about the inner city. Scene: the inner city. Characters: Gary Saunders, Shannon Doyle

        c. Shannon learns that the truth is much more than just a story. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Doyle

                i. Shannon Doyle meets Gary Saunders. Scene: the inner city. Characters: Gary Saunders, Shannon Doyle

                ii. Shannon learns about the realities of life in the inner city from Gary. Scene: the inner city. Characters: Gary Saunders, Shannon Doyle

                iii. Shannon comes to understand that the truth is much more than just a story. Scene: the inner city. Characters: Shannon Doyle