 The first time Shannon spoke to her dad after he told her about his plans was when he called that evening to say he was in the hospital.  The doctors had rushed him there when they noticed a rapid decline in his health. Shannon knew something was wrong with him, but she had no idea how serious it was. Mike was in his late 50s, and he still ate healthy and exercised on a regular basis. He seemed to be one of those people who could live forever without suffering any consequences.

When he died, Shannon was shocked. She cried for hours and thought that everything would be okay. She figured that life would resume to normal for her dad. But then she had to think about the fact that he was gone forever.

Shannon cried for days after her father died. She felt so alone now that he was gone, and she wished she could talk to him just one last time. Then one night, Mike came back unexpectedly. He had been dead for a few days, but he came as a ghost. Shannon was shocked when she noticed his presence, and was confused and frightened at first. Mike explained that he had come back to haunt her because he did not want her to feel so sad and alone anymore. He wanted her to feel loved and cared for by him again, even though she knew he was dead.

Mike explained that since he had died unexpectedly, he really did not have much money saved away for his burial or anything else. So Shannon was going to inherit some of his assets, and a lot of money from a life insurance policy that he had taken out on himself. Shannon was shocked to learn that she would inherit a house and a car from Mike, as well as some cash. She could not believe how lucky she was to have such a large inheritance from her father, even though he had died.

Shannon decided that she wanted to keep living in the house where she had spent most of her childhood. But she needed work to support herself until her inheritance came through, so she moved down to the city, where there were plenty of jobs available. Shannon applied for many jobs, and was finally able to secure a position as a copy editor at a local newspaper. Shannon did not regret moving away from the small town that she had grown up in, since there was nothing there for her except memories of her father. She knew that moving to the city would open up many new experiences and opportunities for her.

Shannon only worked at that newspaper for a few weeks before she was assigned to do a story on the rising crime rate in the city. At first she was not sure how she should tackle this assignment, but then she thought about what her father would do in this situation. If he were still alive, he would probably assign himself to covering the city beat, since he was such an experienced journalist. Shannon decided that she should take the same approach, and so she began to plan her story for the next day.

Shannon had decided that she would start her investigation at a local police station, since it was the most logical place to get crime statistics. She arrived at the police station early the next morning and was greeted by a cheery young man who introduced himself as Officer Jack. Shannon told Officer Jack that she had come down to do a story about rising crime in the city, and asked if he could give her some statistics. Officer Jack was happy to help, and so he went back to his desk and got out a report filled with lots of statistics. Shannon was surprised that there were so many crimes committed in the city, but she realized that her assignment would be easier than she thought. Shannon was sure her story would be the lead story on the News at 6:00 that evening.

After Shannon left the station, she picked up some breakfast and then headed to the inner city. She decided that this would be a good place to start her investigation, since the inner city was part of the news beat. Shannon was surprised when she saw her first inner city resident, because it was a woman dressed in rags who looked like she had not bathed in weeks. She was dirty, smelly, and carrying a shopping bag full of bottles and cans. Her hair was matted with dirt, and she spit constantly. Shannon decided that this woman might be a good person to interview.

When Shannon introduced herself and asked the woman if she would be willing to talk to her, the woman responded rudely, saying she did not have time for interviews because she had to have her bottle of beer filled before noon so that she could get some sleep.

Shannon was amazed at the woman’s casual response to questions about crime, and decided she had to ask more questions. She told the woman that she was a reporter from the local paper trying to find out what people were talking about in the inner city. She asked if there was anything in particular on the news that the woman would like to talk about. The woman responded by saying, “Nothing is going on here but a bunch of fools and liars. Nothing else is going on here other than crime, ignorance, and stupidity.”

Shannon then asked what news reports the woman wanted to discuss. The woman said there were none because there were no news reports in the newspaper, because reporters did not care about people in the inner city.

At this point Shannon moved on to another subject, asking if there were any stories that she should cover. The woman responded, “In the news? Are you joking with me? News about how black people are being screwed over? How we have to drink piss water from a fountain? How we have to use our hands as toilets when there is no public restroom in sight? How we don’t have a say-so in our local and national government? News on the news? Do you think some white reporter will tell black people what’s happening in their own lives? Do you think if you tell us what the white man is trying to do to us that we are going to be glad that you told us? News on the news?”

The woman continued, “You’re right. We don’t have anything to talk about because there is nothing happening here. Things are at a standstill, and nobody cares. Nobody in the inner city seems to care about anything, so how can you expect a reporter to write about us? So, no, I don’t have anything for you.”

Harsh words from the young woman. Shannon listened attentively and then thanked her for her time. She was not deterred by the woman’s hostile tone. Shannon moved on to the next interview.

“I want to talk about the high crime rate in your neighborhood,” Shannon said in a soft voice to the middle-aged man with a stubbly beard and unkempt hair.

“What high crime rate?” he responded, surprised and defiant.

Shannon looked around. It was obvious that the surrounding residents did not find the question shocking at all. She knew that whatever she found here would be different from what she had imagined, but this was far beyond anything she could have expected.

“Are there gang fights in this neighborhood?” Shannon continued.

“Only when the other neighborhoods come over here, but that doesn’t happen very often. That only happens once in a while. That ain’t high crime rates, that’s just plain old lowdown fighting. It ain’t high crime when the city lets the other neighborhoods run all over this neighborhood and do what they want to do here. That ain’t no high crime rate. That is just plain old ugly and nasty. Nobody cares about that here, because nobody cares about us no how, not even our own folks. They say everybody is equal, but nobody is equal. I don’t see no colored folks running all over the other neighborhoods like they do here, and no one even tries to stop them when they come here and come at us.”

Shannon had been taught as a child that racism was a thing of the past, but this man’s answer changed her opinion. She had never considered that people of color might feel discriminated against in America. He must be wrong, she thought to herself. No one can possibly think like that anymore.

“Gary, what happened to your leg?” Shannon said as she looked at Gary’s left leg, which was wrapped in an Ace bandage.

“Oh, Shannon. You really ain’t from around here, are you? You just ain’t from around here no how. You never been down here to get nothin? Never been down here to meet me and the rest of my boys? We was talkin’ ’bout you yesterday. Gary says you a fine-lookin’ young lady, but we need to see if that is true or not. Get your fine-lookin’ white self over here and meet the rest of Gary’s boys. We gonna see if you is as fine as Gary say you is.”

Shannon was shocked to hear this talk from a grown man; she had never heard anything like it in her life before. She was surprised by Gary’s reaction, too, and by the way Gary was acting.

Shannon stood motionless, stunned by what she had just heard. Gary motioned for Shannon to follow him as he headed out of the room. “Follow me,” Gary said with urgency in his voice and led her down the hall. “Meet me and Gary’s boys. Meet Gary. Meet some real men! Real men who fuck hard and take what they wants! Real men who fuck young white women! Meet real men who ain’t afraid to hit a fine-lookin white woman when she is fuckin with them and their business! Meet real men, Shannon. Find out what they all about!”

Shannon kept pace with Gary as he continued to talk. She followed him out into the street, then up the steps to a porch on one side of a two-story building. “What’s goin on?” Shannon asked Gary as she looked around the porch. There were six or seven young men standing around on the porch; Shannon had seen many of them before but never noticed how handsome they were. Gary was introducing her to them. “Meet my boys, Shannon,” Gary said with pride in his voice. Shannon shook hands with each of the young men. They were all very friendly towards her. They talked and joked with her. Gary then introduced her to a few more young men who came from another part of the neighborhood, and Shannon shook hands with them and shared friendly greetings as well. She became more comfortable as she got to know these men better; meanwhile, Gary was busy introducing her to more young men who had gathered outside.

Shannon found herself introduced to one young man after another, each of whom was very nice and polite. Most were wearing jeans and windbreakers or leather jackets; some wore baseball caps or fedoras. Shannon met several young women as well, and she shook hands with all of them. She noticed that most of these young men were black, although at least one was white. Shannon learned that there were two kinds of men in the inner city: “real” guys and “little” guys. Gary was a real guy—he had been to prison and had even shot someone. Shannon learned that one of Gary’s best friends had once been killed by his girlfriend while they were in bed together. Gary told her that this friend was “bad to the bone,” and that the world would be a better place if she learned about the kind of people who lived in the inner city. Gary said he did not have a job, but wanted to get one. Shannon learned that most of the guys on the porch had jobs, but none of them earned more than $9 an hour. Gary said that most of the gang members she had met earlier were probably unemployed.

As Shannon and Gary sat chatting, one of the larger men in the group, who was nicknamed “Big Mike,” walked toward them with a bottle of beer in his hand. Gary stood up and introduced Shannon to Big Mike. Shannon shook hands with him.

“I’m Shannon Doyle,” she said. “I work for the Tribune. I have come here today to learn about your world. Gary Saunders told me I ought to meet you all.” Shannon introduced Gary as her friend, and he nodded.

Gary introduced Shannon to the rest of the group, including a teenage boy who was nicknamed “Little Mike.” Little Mike was white and about 5 feet 8 inches tall. He looked more like a 14-year-old than an 18-year-old.

Gary put out his hand for Shannon to shake, and she did the same for Little Mike, but he just stared at her with his mouth hanging open.

Big Mike handed Shannon and Gary each a beer, but only Shannon accepted it. Gary didn’t drink alcohol at all.

Shannon asked Gary how long he had lived in the inner city.

“For a long time,” Gary said. “I was born here. My parents were immigrants from Ireland, and they lived here for a long time too before they moved back to Ireland when I was 10 or 11 years old.”

Shannon learned that Gary was 18 years old and that he had never been employed in his life. His parents had died when he was 8 years old, and it fell to an aunt to raise him. He had dropped out of high school two years earlier because of being bullied at school for the clothes he wore and for the fact that he wasn’t interested in sports.

“I didn’t want to wear the latest sneakers or hats that everyone at school was wearing, and I couldn’t care less about who wins a game of soccer or hockey. I just didn’t fit in, Shannon.”

“Didn’t you ever tell your parents about the bullying?”

“No way, Shannon! I wasn’t going to admit to my parents that I was being bullied at school. They would have wanted to come down here to talk personally with the principal and the bullies and try to work out a solution. It also wouldn’t have been helpful in anyway. It simply didn’t occur to me then that telling my parents everything that was happening was the right thing to do.” Shannon noticed that Gary’s voice trailed off into silence.

“Tell me something else about yourself, Gary, and tell me the truth this time. Why is it so important for you to tell me the truth? Why do you want to be honest? You know that I want to be a journalist. Truth is more than just a word. It’s everything around you and everything you accept as true. Everything that is true is important, and it always has been. Even stories have some truth in them, or are based on something real from the past or present. But stories aren’t real, they are just someone else’s perception of the truth. The truth is what actually happened, or what is happening. Sometimes people don’t want to believe the truth because it’s too hard for them to accept. I want to know the truth about you and this place, Gary. Please, tell me the truth.” Shannon looked at Gary with pleading eyes.

Gary took a deep breath and began to speak. “I wanted to be honest with you because I thought you could help me, and because I thought you were different from all the other people who have come down here. Everyone always asks the same questions and they never really listen to the answers. I can tell that you’re different, Shannon. You actually seem like you care.”

Shannon nodded her head in understanding. “I do care, Gary. I want to help you if I can.