The sun was shining brightly through the windows of Shannon Doyle’s apartment. It was only a little after 7:00 in the morning, but she had already been awake for hours. Today was a big day for Shannon. She had just landed her first major assignment and was anxious to begin writing. She hadn’t slept well the night before, and she spent a great deal of time thinking about what she wanted to write.
     Graduating journalism school and landing her first job in a major newspaper had been Shannon’s greatest accomplishment to date. Ever since she was a child, Shannon had dreamed of becoming a successful journalist just like her father. She would spend hours staring at his framed diploma and reading the articles he had written. She wanted to be just like him.
     Her father, Mike Doyle, had been an excellent writer and reporter. Through the years, he had received many awards for his work in newspapers and magazines throughout the country. He started out at a small-town newspaper before moving on to larger cities and eventually landing a job as a reporter for The Washington Post. Mike was well respected in his field and often traveled all over the world to cover stories. He wrote about countries suchas South Africa, Russia and Egypt. He had interviewed such celebrities as Nelson Mandela, Mikhail Gorbachev and President Hosni Mubarak. Many would agree that he was one of the best journalists in his field.
     As an adult, Shannon followed in her father’s footsteps and enrolled in the School of Journalism at The University of Maryland. She felt certain that she would be able to secure a good job soon after graduation. Shannon had always considered herself a very hard worker, and she knew that her dedication would pay off in the long run. Although she hadn’t landed a job right away, Shannon remained patient and confident that her dream would come true. At last, after months of submitting her resume and applying for numerous jobs, she received a phone call from The Washington Post offering her an internship position at their paper.
     Today was Shannon’s first day as a full-time intern for The Washington Post, and she was anxious to begin reporting on her first assignment. She quickly got dressed and headed down to the kitchen where she made herself a cup of tea. She knew that it was bad for her teeth, but she just couldn’t start her day without a cup of hot Earl Grey in hand.Shannon was born to a middle class family in Rockville, Maryland. Her mother, Lena, owned and ran her own business; she had a knack for interior design and had a successful career in that field for many years. The two of them lived together in a modest home on the outskirts of the city with their two children, Gary and Shannon. Her parents’ marriage wasn’t the happiest one, but they managed to stay together until his death three years ago. Mike Doyle was diagnosed with colon cancer at 49 and passed away only three months later.
Upon graduating from the University of Maryland, Shannon moved into her first apartment in College Park. She quickly became accustomed to living alone and spent many evenings with friends at local bars. Although she had grown up in a somewhat religious household, Shannon decided that she no longer believed in God or an after life and became very promiscuous. She had slept with over 20 different men during her first year of college and continued to sleep around even when she began her internship at the Washington Post.
As Shannon sat down at the kitchen table with her cup of tea, she glanced around at her family pictures hanging on the wall. She wanted to make a goodimpression on her editor and hoped that he would be impressed with the photos of her hanging out with world leaders, former presidents, and other important people. Shannon’s parents were both deceased, but she was especially close to her dad. She had always admired his passion for life and his strong ambition to be successful in everything he did. Even though he was only 49 when he passed away, Shannon knew that her father was extremely talented and well respected in the journalism world. He had worked as a reporter for The Post for 23 years before succumbing to cancer. Shannon’s job was extremely competitive, and she knew that she would have to work very hard in order to succeed. Her greatest fear was not being able to live up to what was expected of her, and she also feared that her new editor might be disappointed by her work. The last thing that Shannon wanted was for anyone to be disappointed by her. She loved being a journalist; it had always been her dream career, and she worked hard at honing her craft. After finishing her tea and taking one last look at the framed photographs on the wall, Shannon grabbed her bag from the counter and headed out the door. As she walked into the office building where The Washington Post was located,Shannon looked around and took in the sights. She noticed how beautiful everything was; it was a vast difference from the way that she imagined it to be. Her first thought after entering the building was that she had no idea what to expect. She wasn’t sure how many people she would meet or what her workspace would look like. All she knew was that she wanted people to think highly of her, and that meant having great ideas and being able to write well so that her editor would be impressed by her work.
The walk to the newsroom took approximately 10 minutes. Once inside, Shannon realized how big the building actually was. There were tons of hallways with doors that opened into countless offices, and it was hard for Shannon to find hers. After walking down a couple of hallways and turning a few corners, she finally found her work space tucked away in a corner of the newsroom. It took Shannon some time to get organized before she could start working on her assignment. It felt like each time she turned around, someone else had created some sort of problem that she had to solve. All of the other interns seemed to have their assignments ready, but none of them seemed to be having any problems; they all looked like seasoned professionals who had already learnedhow to get their work done with ease. Shannon realized that she was being a bit over-dramatic. She knew how to do the work, but was just having trouble getting started.
After she finished setting up her workspace, Shannon put on her headphones and began to write her script. At first, she thought it would be easy for her to simply pull up an excerpt from a book about the topic of urban life and then use it as reference for her script. She figured that she should have at least a basic understanding of what she was going to be talking about before writing her script.
Shannon walked into another room and picked up three books with the intention of reading through them before beginning to write her script. The topic that she wanted to write about was urban life, so she grabbed two books on the subject and chose a third book as a possible reference. The first two books appeared to be about a similar topic, but Shannon was surprised to learn that they were actually completely opposite in content; one emphasized the negative aspects of urban life while the other emphasized its positive features. Shannon quickly realized that both books were more about sociology than they were about anything else. The books ended up being little more than compilations of large amounts of information that couldnot be used for reference in an article, let alone a script!
Shannon did not know what to do at this point. If she needed to write her script without any real knowledge of the topic then she would have to base her story on the opinions of others. However, she knew that relying heavily on opinions could be quite dangerous, especially when talking about such a controversial topic as urban life.
Shannon thought about going back to the library and checking out another book or two with a more literary focus; something that would help her better understand the subject matter. However, she knew she would be pressed for time if she tried to read through another book before starting her script. Still, Shannon thought she might have enough time if she skips going out that night and stays in to work on her script. After a moment of indecision, Shannon decided to stay in and work on her script. She really wanted to do well on her first assignment and knew that staying in and working on her script would be the only way for her to do so.
Shannon quickly finished organizing all of the paperwork on her desk, which allowed her to focus more clearly on the task at hand. She walked back into the room, grabbed three pieces of paper and began writing downall the questions that she felt needed answering. As she wrote, Shannon realized that each of her questions led to even more questions. Some of these questions were simple ones that could be answered with a quick phone call or a few minutes of research while others may require hours spent digging through public court records and old newspaper articles.
Shannon also realized that each question she asked had been asked by other journalists in the recent past. In fact, just looking at her notes, Shannon found four different articles written by various authors that had each provided their own answers to almost all of the questions Shannon had asked herself. Each article was about a different aspect of urban life and each had been written over the last ten years.
Shannon decided to keep this information in mind as she worked on writing the rest of her script. She knew she did not want to copy any other author’s work, but it was important for her to have a strong understanding of what others had previously covered on this topic. By gathering as much information as possible, Shannon would be able to form her own opinions about the subject and then write an original script based on those opinions. She also knew that with so many articles with such different interpretations it was going to be hard for her to find any one answerthat would be able to encompass all of her thoughts on the subject.
She decided to begin with the most simple questions first. She picked up the phone and dialed the number of a man from the National Urban League and asked him if he could provide some basic demographics about Washington, D.C.
After a few minutes of small talk, Shannon asked her question and was pleasantly surprised when she received a detailed answer from the man on the other end of the line.
“The district has a population of roughly 615,000 people and over 51% of those residents are African American. The majority of the residents are between the ages of 25 and 64, but there are large numbers of children living in this area as well. There is also a large gay population here, although the numbers have continued to decline from their peak in the early nineties.”
Shannon thanked him for his time and thanked him for providing her with such a detailed answer. He informed Shannon that if she ever had further questions about the subject she could call the Urban League at any time and they would be happy to assist her.
Still feeling excited from obtaining such a quick response to her question, Shannon pulled up the front page of the Washington Post and began reading through thearticles. She had been reading for about an hour when the editor of the paper called her into his office. When she arrived, he handed Shannon an envelope that contained some background information on her first assignment and told her it was due in two weeks.
The editor was a man named Gary Saunders. He was sixty-five years old with thinning gray hair and a heavy build. He walked with a slight limp, but he managed to make it around the newsroom without much trouble. Gary’s office was small, but comfortable and well decorated with pictures of his family on his desk and various awards he had won throughout the years in other offices around the newsroom. Lena Saunders was Gary's mother, a local business owner. She had a deep voice, but she was kind and wise.
She thanked him for the envelope and went back to her desk to finish her research for her script. The phone rang about an hour later. She picked up the receiver and a woman with a deep voice asked if she could speak with Shannon Doyle. She nodded and told her that she was on line one. The woman introduced herself as Lena Saunders, Gary’s mother and the publisher of the local newspaper in Rockville, Maryland.
Mrs. Saunders asked Shannon if she would be interested in doing a profile on Mike Doyle for an article they were writing for the local paper about local business owners. Shannon eagerly agreed and Mrs. Saunders gave her Gary’s phone number and address. After thanking her, Shannon wrote down all of the information on a small yellow pad and then sat down to do some more research.
She had not been able to talk to Mike the day before, but she had an appointment with him at eight o’clock that very morning. She got up from her desk, logged off of the computer and locked up her notes in her office. She walked out of the building and headed toward the metro station to catch a train downtown.
Shannon rode the metro downtown with a few of her co-workers, who were going to an office party that evening. Shannon had been invited, but she had already made plans with Gary that night and she did not want to back out at last minute. She was sure everything was going to be fine and she would be able to work things out with Mike and his family.
Shannon walked into the office building where The Doyles’ restaurant was located, and handed her driver’s license to the security guard at the front desk. Luckily, there was no wait inside and Mike greeted Shannon warmly when she walked in.She sat down in a booth with him and sipped her coffee as they discussed her writing assignment. Shannon’s mind raced with questions about Mike and his family. She wanted to know everything about him, but she did not want to be overwhelming since they had only just met.
Mike explained that he had started his own business in Rockville because he wanted to move his family out of the city. He did not like the idea of sending his wife and two boys into some of the worst neighborhoods in Baltimore every day for work. When he opened up his restaurant, business was slow at first, but within six months most of the surrounding restaurants shut down and reopened as Doyles’ franchises. His restaurant was the most popular place to eat in Rockville and it had one of the highest ratings on Zagat’s web site. Mr. Doyle seemed proud of his success and was more than happy to talk about his family to Shannon for hours that morning.
Even though she had already spent three hours with him, a lot of Mike’s story remained a mystery to Shannon. She wanted to learn more about him and his family but he seemed reluctant to talk about them further. He changed the subject and started talking about his wife, Elizabeth,and their two boys. Shannon didn’t want to be rude, so she played along and let Mike ramble on about Liz and the kids. He told her that they were all very close and often went on spontaneous trips together.
Shannon asked Mike how old his boys were and he proudly proclaimed that his oldest son, Edward, was fourteen years old and was an excellent student. She smiled when he mentioned that Edward had a knack for math and planned on attending Johns Hopkins University after high school. Shannon’s heart sank as she looked at Mike in disbelief. She knew that in most neighborhoods it was hard to get into college, let alone graduate from one of the best universities in the country.
Mike continued to talk about his oldest son. He told her that Edward volunteered at a local community center and had recently been accepted into a prestigious summer program at Georgetown University. Shannon wanted to scream at him, “What about your younger son? Surely he isn’t living some sad, lonely existence in the inner city while his older brother gets a chance to come to Georgetown?” But she knew that Mike would never volunteer such information unless she asked him directly.
Mike also went on and on about his youngest son, Gary. Before Shannon couldstop herself, her mouth dropped open when she heard him say that Gary was only ten years old. Ten. All of a sudden she knew why Mike struggled to have a conversation about his family; he was lying to make himself seem better than everyone else in the room.
Shannon excused herself from the table and rushed to the ladies’ room where she locked herself into a stall, pulled out her cell phone and called Gary. She had met Gary earlier that evening during her interview with Mike, but they had only spoken on a casual basis. The phone rang four times before it was picked up.
“Hello?” said a high-pitched voice on the other end of the line.
Shannon was confused by the familiar voice because she had just realized that she had been trying to call Mike this entire time and not Gary. She immediately apologized for the mistake and explained that she was trying to contact Mike, not Gary, but when she thought about it, it made perfect sense because both her interview with Mike and her awkward phone call were as confusing as a bad dream.
Gary must have sensed the tension in Shannon’s voice or perhaps he overheard her talking to herself because he told her that everything was okay. Shannon was relieved thatGary was so calm, but she wondered why he wasn’t more concerned that his father had just been caught lying to her. The phone call lasted only a few seconds before Shannon hung up. She had no idea why she called Gary, but at least she felt a little better after speaking to him. She quickly returned to the table where Gary and his mother were waiting patiently for her to return. No one mentioned the phone call and they all seemed to enjoy their dinner after Mike finished telling them about his favorite vacation spots and how he had recently visited Hawaii.
Mike went on for about twenty minutes before Shannon had had enough of his constant chatter. Mike thought he was smooth and charming, but everyone else found him boring. As soon as she felt uncomfortable, Shannon excused herself again and went back upstairs to the hotel lobby. It would be an understatement to say that she was confused by what had just happened. She didn’t know Mike from anyone else, and she wasn’t interested in getting to know him any better because his answers were so unrealistic. She knew he never left Rockville for vacations or anywhere else for that matter, so how could he possibly be an expert on Hawaii? She needed some sleep before she had to go back downstairs and try to act like everything was okay.