     The alley was dark. It was a short walk from the corner where Mary Smith had been walking, but she still didn’t trust it. Mary fidgeted the whole way, watching all around her for anyone who might be lurking in the shadows. She didn’t like this alley; it was dark and dusty and full of trash.

She crossed over to the other side, trying to get farther away from the alley’s entrance, but a group of teens were standing there smoking pot. They looked at her with smirks on their faces – they knew what Mary was doing and were probably laughing at her behind her back. One of them leaned over and grabbed Mary by the shoulders, demanding that she hand over whatever she had in her pockets.

Mary Smith stood rooted to the spot, unable to move as John Doe pushed into her personal space. He demanded that she empty her pockets right then and Mary Smith panicked. She dug for her purse in her bag, hoping that inside were some items of value that she could give him. Instead, she only came up with some receipts and a few coins. She hoped those would suffice, but John Doe demanded more. He got angry when she told him that this was all she had.

“You were just at the corner shop!” he screamed at her. “Didn’t you just buy something?”

Mary Smith wanted to cry. When John Doe realized that Mary Smith wasn’t going to give him more money, he moved in closer to her. Then she noticed the gun in his hand and she began to tremble.

“If you don’t give me everything, I’ll kill you,” he threatened.

Mary Smith reached into her bag again, hoping there was something else she could find to appease him. She felt around in her purse and eventually, her hand connected with the contents of her wallet — which John Doe was now demanding she hand over. Mary Smith did as John Doe told her and handed him the contents of her wallet.

He demanded more money, but at this point, Mary Smith only had change. John Doe began to look through her wallet in search of more cash but what he found was a photograph. He stared at it for a moment and then turned toward Mary Smith once again.

“Give me your phone,” he demanded. “I know you have one.”

Mary Smith suddenly realized that she had been so caught up in not giving him any more money that she hadn’t even considered the possibility that John Doe might want to take her phone. John Doe became angry when he found no other valuables in Mary Smith’s pocket; he told her to turn over the contents of her purse and to empty her pockets, but she had already removed everything that she thought he could possibly want.

She searched through her bag again but all that was inside was her purse, a few receipts, and a pack of gum — none of which John Doe apparently wanted.

Mary Smith began to feel hopeless. Surely there was nothing left of her belongings that could be of any value to John Doe. She started to become angry herself — how dare John Doe demand more from her when he had already taken so much? Suddenly, the thought that she might never have anything of value to contribute to her family again filled her with sadness, and then fear.

Just as Mary Smith’s frustration was about to reach breaking point, she felt a hand grab the strap of her bag and realized that John Doe was feeling around to find what he wanted. In his other hand, he held a knife.

As soon as Mary Smith realized that John Doe had her phone in his possession, she turned on him. “Give me back my fucking phone right now!” she yelled, and tried to wrestle it out of his grasp.

John Doe released Mary Smith’s bag and pushed her back against the wall with his free hand. He looked over at George Smith, who was standing there with both fists clenched, looking outraged. “Fuck you, asshole!” he shouted at George Smith before turning back to Mary Smith with a sneer on his face.

As soon as John Doe let go of Mary Smith, she moved back to the other side of the alley. She turned away from him and began to walk quickly down the alley, but still didn’t have any idea where she was going.

“Wait! Where do you think you’re going?” John Doe shouted after her.

As soon as she moved past George Smith, he moved towards her again, but before he could get close enough to grab her, she began moving faster. By the time he moved to place himself between her and the end of the alley, she was far enough ahead that he couldn’t get to her before she reached it.

John Doe gave chase after Mary Smith, who had stopped just a few feet past the end of the alley. He grabbed her arm and began pulling at her, but she broke free from his grasp and began moving quickly down the side street. She hoped that she would find somewhere to hide. As soon as he realized that he was losing her, John Doe pulled out a knife and chased after her down the side street.

Mary Smith kept running, trying to find somewhere to hide before he caught up with her. She didn’t stop until she reached the main road, where she saw Melissa Jones standing on the sidewalk.

As soon as Mary Smith started to cross the street, Melissa Jones began to scream and pull at Roger Jones’ shirt. Mary Smith slowed down and turned around to see John Doe rushing towards her, wielding a knife.

Mary Smith screamed and ran right back up the side street as fast as she could. Melissa Jones watched her go, screaming for help the entire time.

John Doe pursued Mary Smith back down the side street, but when he got close to chasing her, Melissa Jones screamed and began waving her hands wildly. John Doe turned around to see what was causing the distraction and then chased after Mary Smith. When he got closer, he saw that a young woman was screaming at him. She began waving her hands all over and wildly pointing in his direction. He turned around and ran back down the side street.

When John Doe found himself on the main road with Melissa Jones, he realized that he had been tricked and it was time to leave. He turned right on the corner and disappeared from sight before anyone else could come to help Mary Smith.

Just as Melissa Jones went back into her house, Roger Jones and Mary Smith reached the spot where John Doe had last seen them, and both of them stopped at the same time. “Oh my God!” they both said in unison as they looked around at each other in horror.

Roger Jones quickly dialed 911 on his cell phone and gave a description of John Doe and the car he was driving. It wasn’t long before the police arrived, found some footprints in the dirty snow and followed them to a house a couple of blocks away. There was no sign of John Doe, but they found a trail of blood spots leading into the house and then out through the back door. Without hesitation, they entered the backyard and began searching for John Doe.

Melissa Jones was still standing in her doorway as they began to enter her backyard. “Who are you?” she asked.

The next day at the police station, the two officers who caught John Doe were going through all of their mug shots, when they suddenly came to a startling realization and said, “Oh my God!”

Karen Wilkinson, the other officer who came on that midnight call, walked into the breakroom with a cup of coffee and heard them say, “Oh my God!” She looked up at them and asked what was wrong, but they said nothing. “Just coffee break talk,” she said and moved to the corner where Roger Jones, the officer who called 911, was talking with Melissa Jones and another police officer.

Roger Jones turned as soon as he heard her voice and said, “You ready for this?”

Karen Wilkinson said, “What is it?”

He opened up the police file on the desk and then showed it to them. They all moved closer and looked at the photo in unison. They didn’t say anything for a moment, but then they all exclaimed in unison, “Oh my God!” They moved back from the photo and Karen Wilkinson said, “Who is it?”

Roger Jones pointed the photo out to them and said, “This is the mugger we arrested last week. He was some nut job who couldn’t make up his mind whether he was in the police station or not. It was pretty ironic, really.”

Melissa Jones moved closer to the desk and said, “Oh my God! This is John Doe. I know him from around town! What are the police doing with him, just throwing him in jail? He needs help!”

Karen Wilkinson looked at Roger Jones and said, “Why did you call 911?”

He said, “She was about to get mugged. She was very shaken up so it didn’t take much to get her to talk. I called 911 and described the mugger to them. They told me a police car was on their way and they would be there in a few minutes. When the police came, they took down all our statements and then later that night told us they had caught the mugger and would show him to us, but never did.”

Karen Wilkinson asked Matt, “What have you heard?”

He said, “Nothing. I didn’t know how much he wanted to know so I was just vague with him. He knew we had seen the mugger, but we didn’t know who it was.”

Karen Wilkinson turned to Matt and said, “We have two options. We can either try to find out more about this mugging without getting too involved in the case; or we can get more involved in the investigation of this crime. The more involved we get, the less anonymous we will become and make it harder to hide our involvement if anyone comes looking for us.”

Matt said, “I think I should talk to Mary and George Smith. It would be a lot easier if they came here instead of us going out there again.”

Karen Wilkinson asked, “And what do you think about me talking to the victim and her husband?”

Matt said, “That sounds like a good idea. You can interview the wife first and see what she knows before you go talk to her husband.” Karen Wilkinson was surprised that she was going to interview the victim herself.

Mary Smith and George Smith met Karen Wilkinson at her office. They were in their mid-20s and were fairly nice looking people, though rather average-looking for people in their twenties. They seemed to be well-to-do, George Smith wore designer jeans and Mary Smith had a Gucci purse hanging on her shoulder. Karen Wilkinson told them that she was interviewing them because they witnessed the mugging and also because they were the victims of the crime. Mary and George Smith explained what happened that night: Mary Smith was walking home from work and happened to see John Doe trying to mug some woman. She had a bad feeling about the man and when he noticed her, he came toward her. Mary Smith got scared and ran off, but John Doe followed her for a short distance before giving up the chase.

After they were finished, Karen Wilkinson asked them if they knew anything else about the suspect. They said that they did not know of anybody who would do something like this and that they had never seen John Doe before. She thanked them and left their office.

Karen Wilkinson next went to Jessica Doe’s house to interview her about what happened that night. Jessica Doe was John Doe’s wife and she was in her early thirties. She had a good figure but, unlike most women in her age group, did not have the expensive make-up and haircut that gave off an air of wealth. She seemed very nice and had even baked some brownies for Karen Wilkinson. Jessica Doe repeated what her husband had said to her about the mugging that night. The only differences between their accounts was that Jessica said George Smith used a gun while John Doe said he used a knife; and that George Smith punched John in the face while John said he just hit him with his fist. Karen Wilkinson thanked her for her time and left her house.

Karen Wilkinson next went to the police station to get Louise Spencer’s notes on George Smith’s previous interview. She found that Louise had done extensive research on George Smith and had discovered many of his financial troubles. She also found out that he had moved a lot in his life, having moved at least five times in the past ten years.

Louise Spencer was waiting for her in the interrogation room. She was a tall, dark-haired woman who was very attractive. She had a stern look but she was very polite and professional when they moved into the room. The only furnishings in the room were two plastic chairs placed in front of a small table.

“Thank you for coming by, Miss Wilkinson. I had hoped to question you earlier, but the interrogation ran longer than expected.”

“No problem,” said Karen. It was obvious that Louise Spencer was trying hard to make her comfortable during this interrogation.

“Let us begin then, shall we?” said Louise. “Where were you coming from the night of the mugging?”

“I was coming from my job at the grocery store. They close the doors at 9 o’clock and I usually try to leave a little early so that I can get there before they lock up the doors. On this particular night, it was hard to leave on time because Mr. Smith and I were having an argument when we got home about his moving to another state. We have been trying to move to another state for the last couple of years but always end up staying here for some reason or another.”

“Moving to another state seems like a big step. Why do you want to move?” asked Louise.

“I have a good job here and I don’t want to move away, but my husband wants to move and so we have discussed it over and over again. But he wouldn’t listen to what I had to say this time either, so I left the house without telling him and decided to walk home because I needed some air.”

“What did Mr. Smith say when you told him that you were leaving?” asked Louise.

“He started shouting that I was being disrespectful and then he called me a damn fool!”

“And what did you do when he said that?” asked Louise.

“I shouted back at him, but before I knew it he had his gun pointed at me and was demanding my money.”

Louise looked at George for a long time before she continued.

“I have a lot of questions about this, Mr. Smith, but before we carry on I need to know whether or not you think Mr. Doe will be convicted for this crime?”

“I don’t think so, no! He has done this sort of thing before and they let him go,” said George.

“Why do you think that he will be convicted this time?” asked Louise.

“I mean, it isn’t like I would really know anything about these things, is it? Do you think he’ll be convicted?” said George.

Louise was silent for a few seconds.

“From what I can gather, Mr. Doe has been in trouble before and is often brought in for questioning, but he has never been convicted of anything before now. From what I can tell he’s a drug addict and is involved with some kind of gang or something, and that is what the police have been focusing on so far. We have evidence to suggest that he has an arrest record for stealing money from other people. I don’t know if you have read the news lately, but this has been going on for quite a while and we have proof that this is not the first time that he has stolen from someone,” said Louise.

George was silent for a while before speaking again.

“This is ridiculous! He isn’t going to be convicted for taking some money from a woman who was walking down the street! This is a joke, right?” said George.

Louise paused again before responding.

“I mean, it isn’t a joke, I will be prosecuting him in court on Monday. There is evidence that he committed the crime and we have you as a witness who saw it happen, so I don’t see how we can lose. We just need to make sure that John Doe has no opportunity to sway the jury to think otherwise,” said Louise.

“Seriously though, he wasn’t even trying to kill her or anything. If he had wanted to hurt her, he would have done it much more quickly, wouldn’t he? I don’t see how this is going to result in a conviction. What is the worst case scenario for him? I mean, if we were able to come up with some kind of arrangement with the judge or something, couldn’t we make this all go away? I’d be willing to pay a little bit of money to make sure this doesn’t go any further,” said George.

Louise Spencer paused again before responding. She moved her fingers across the table, drumming them on its surface as she thought about what to say.

“I appreciate that you are concerned for John Doe’s well-being here, but we can’t let payment dictate who we prosecute and how seriously we do it. This office has a responsibility to the entire community. We aren’t here to serve the interests of private individuals or corporations—we are here to uphold the law and ensure justice for all,” she said.

“Okay, I understand that this office has an obligation to the community or whatever, but if you think about it, sending him to jail will only make things worse for him. You have to understand—I wasn’t there when they moved him to this office from the precinct, but a lot of his friends were. They said that he was pretty out of it when they put him in this room. They said they had to strap him down in a chair and he was drooling and foaming at the mouth. It doesn’t take a genius to figure out that moving him from the cell to this office probably didn’t do him any good. Right? I mean, if you’re going to move him here, at least move him to a room where he can lie down. Or give him something to drink or something. Don’t just leave him here to rot, you know?”

Louise Spencer considered this statement for a moment before responding, “I don’t know what happened when they moved him here, but this office can’t be responsible for the care of criminals. He was apprehended and brought here based on the evidence collected by police officers. The law says he should be prosecuted and that is exactly what we are going to do. There is no excuse for what he did, and the court will rule accordingly. And if you really care about this man, you’ll do your best to help him in court.”

Tony Wagner stared solemnly at his client for a few seconds before speaking. “You know, not once did you mention that John Doe has been charged with a crime. You didn’t even acknowledge that he’s in this room because of what happened on the street. I think you might want to say something about that.”

Louise raised her eyebrows and walked over to the window separating them from the courtroom. “Forget it. We all know why John Doe is here. He’s being charged with attempted murder, and if they don’t convict him, the court system has gone to hell in a handbasket, that’s all I have to say.”

They moved back into the office and sat down. Their conversation was interrupted by Judge Spencer, who burst through the door, leaving a trail of papers behind him. He looked like he was ready to tear someone apart at the seams for stepping on his paper trail. “Court is starting in five minutes and everybody needs to be there!”

Tony nodded his head, acknowledging the papers and then said, “Louise, you should probably go.”

She stood up and looked out the window. “I’m not going to that trial. I’m not prosecuting John Doe. I’m not calling any of the witnesses. But this case isn’t just about John Doe. It’s about Mary Smith, too. It’s about all of us, and how we treat each other in this city—and I didn’t see you doing anything to help Mary Smith when she was walking home last night.”

Tony was surprised. “What—what are you talking about? What are you talking about, Louise? This is a trial, don’t get crazy.”

She turned back to face him. “I want to tell Mary Smith’s story. I want to get up there and talk about how she lives with her husband in a tiny apartment that’s falling down around them, and she has to walk home at night by herself because they can’t afford a taxi or a car or even a good pair of shoes—is that crazy enough for you?”

Tony didn’t know what to say. He said, “I don’t think so. It sounds like you are going off on a tangent here, and I don’t think this is the right way to go about this.”

Louise was quiet for a moment, then said, “I’ve talked to Jessica Doe. She needs to be heard in all this too. You know she can’t speak English. She barely speaks at all, in fact—and now she’s in the jury room waiting for this verdict to come down and it doesn’t even seem to have occurred to any of you that she might hear what we say here today. Well it occurred to Jessica, and I thought you should know that. She heard everything you said yesterday. She heard everything Mary Smith said today. And she’s expecting us to give it her straight—not like a bunch of lawyers in a bar playing parlor games.”

Tony said nothing but stood there looking at Louise, his mouth hanging open. “Are you saying that you think she can understand English?”

Louise shook her head. “No. I’m saying that she is listening to everything very carefully and she has a right to an accounting of everything we do here today. She is your client’s wife, Tony, and this isn’t just about protecting John Doe from her influence, trust me. John Doe is not the only one in this room who needs protection from the people he loves.”

Tony Wagner had no response to that and turned toward the jury box. “Your Honor, will you please instruct them to wait outside for a few minutes while I talk to counsel?” John Doe looked confused by this request.

Louise shook Tony Wagner’s arm and tried to drag him the last few steps back to her bench, but he resisted her efforts and turned on his heels toward the jury box instead.

John Doe was confused by this request. “Your Honor, may I ask the witness some questions?”

Tony Wagner ignored John Doe and continued to stare at Louise as his mouth twisted into a sneer. “Louise, as one of the brightest young lawyers I know, you know full well that Mr. Doe is not allowed to cross-examine Mrs. Smith. Our rules are perfectly clear on this point: neither the defendant nor anyone in his family is allowed to question any of the witnesses against him.” He paused and looked pointedly at John Doe for a moment before adding, “That would include a spouse.”

Louise did not respond, but her eyes narrowed behind the lenses of her glasses as she tried to keep herself under control.

The judge looked over his glasses in irritation. “Defense counsel, let’s make this simple: you know the rules just as well as I do; there will be no more interruptions.”

Tony Wagner nodded his agreement and turned back to face the jury with a look of contempt on his face. “George Smith, do you remember your testimony from yesterday?”

“Yes, I remember it very well.” George Smith shifted nervously in his seat, but spoke in a clear voice.

George Smith testified that he saw the entire incident and that he was certain that the person who had tried to mug his wife was John Doe. He testified that he had seen it all clearly due to the fact that it had happened right in front of his face.

The prosecutor rested his case, and John Doe’s lawyer made a last-minute effort to convince the judge that there was one more witness they wanted to call. It was only after a moment’s hesitation that the judge reluctantly agreed.

George Smith sat down as a young man entered the courtroom and walked up to the witness stand. He was someone Tony Wagner had mentioned in his opening statement, but Mary and Jessica had never seen him before.

The young man cleared his throat and took off his glasses as he began to speak. “My name is Jeffrey Black, and I used to be the prison guard who was assigned to supervise John Doe before he was moved from our cellblock to solitary confinement.”

“What did you do with John Doe?” The judge asked.

“At first, we moved him to a holding cell near the entrance of the prison so that his case could be investigated. After that, he was transferred to a cellblock in solitary confinement and kept there until we received orders to transfer him elsewhere, which we did a few months back.”

“Did you ever speak with John Doe?” Tony Wagner asked.

“Yes, I did. He was a model prisoner, always following the rules and maintaining a positive attitude.