Mary Smith was walking home from work at 11 p.m. when an unexpected
   event occurred. She was on the quiet, empty street and she thought that
   nothing could happen to her so late, not in this place. Mary lived in a
   row house in North Philadelphia, which was filled with other row houses
   where many families lived. The street she was on now was almost
   deserted, an isolated street surrounded by the houses of a few elderly
   couples. Each night, Mary would walk down this street to get back to her
   home after work at the gas station a couple of blocks away.

The only thing that was dark on the street was a lamppost standing at the end of a driveway, but it did not bother Mary because she could see clearly. It was December and her street had been decorated for Christmas with candy canes and other pretty things such as garlands. The snow had not yet fallen on Mary’s street, but it was cold. She walked quickly because she wanted to get back home because her husband would be there waiting for her.

Since she was a little girl, Mary had always dreamed of one day living in aplace such as this. She loved the row houses, all of which were very pretty and neat. The streets were wide and people looked out for each other, even if they didn’t know each other very well. Mary had never experienced anything bad in her neighborhood. It was safe and everyone said hello to one another as they walked down the street or passed people on the sidewalk or street. The only bad thing about living in this place was that it took a long time to get anywhere. Other than that, she loved it because she felt comfortable around the people who lived there.

As Mary walked down the street, she thought about how much she missed her husband George. He traveled a lot for his job and was often gone for weeks on end. Mary was glad he had this job even though it meant that he would be away from her for a long time. With his job, they were able to buy the house on the quiet street where she now lived. It was their dream home and they were happy there together even though George was not with her very often.

   After about ten minutes of walking, Mary saw someone walking towards her from far away. She wondered who that person could be because everyone else usually went to bed early and this areawas pretty much quiet at night. She tried to remember if she had turned off her radio before she left for work or if something was playing that could be heard in the distance.

   When the person was close enough, Mary realized it was a man. He looked like he was carrying something under his jacket and had a large dark coat on as well. The man stopped in front of her and said, “Give me your purse, lady!”

Mary quickly turned around and ran the other way as fast as she could. The man started to chase her but she was able to get away from him. She knew that if someone wanted to hurt her or rob her, there wasn’t much she could do about it unless someone else was around to help. She prayed that nothing bad would happen but she didn’t want to end up getting hurt or giving up her purse.

Mary decided to take a different route home. Hopefully, she would not see the man again and nothing bad would happen like it did the last time something similar happened to her.

When she got back home, she took off her jacket and started thinking about what had just happened. She didn’t want her husband or anyone else to findout that she got robbed again.

When Mary was at the grocery store, she had heard on the radio that there were a lot of robberies in her neighborhood. The same radio station also said that a man was caught trying to rob someone in broad daylight not far from where Mary lived. She wondered if this was the same guy who tried to rob her. Regardless of whether or not it was, she was going to keep this incident a secret from her husband and everyone else. Mary thought about why this man tried to rob her and how he could have done it if she had given him her purse and whatever was in it for him. She decided that he just wanted money because he was hungry or for another reason.

If she were in the same position as the man who tried to rob her, Mary wouldn’t steal from someone just because they had some money in their purse. She would do things a little differently. Mary figured that she could ask for help if someone wanted to give her help and that would be a better thing than stealing things from other people without asking for permission first.

Later on, Mary went out to the kitchen and saw that everything was ready for dinner. She didn’t feel like eating but she decided to havesome food anyway. Mary did not know when her husband was going to be home from work, and she knew that he would want to eat dinner with her.

The next day at work, Mary was talking to Jessica, one of her coworkers, about how she was mugged the day before. Jessica asked Mary if there were any cuts or bruises on her body from the incident and wondered whether or not John Doe was able to get anything from Mary’s purse. As soon as Jessica asked Mary this question, she realized that John did manage to get the money he wanted because he stole her wallet.

Mary told Jessica how she ended up at home after being mugged and how there was a lot of blood at her place. She wondered if John Doe was injured when he hit his head on the ground when he fell down. She also wondered if it was wrong for her to not call 911 even though they were right there where she got mugged. Mary believed that John Doe did not really need help right away because she thought he would probably run off after he had gotten what he wanted from her purse.

Later that night, Mary was at home watching TV in bed with her husband, George. He asked Mary what happened at work today or whyshe was so quiet and worried. Mary told George about the encounter in which John Doe tried to get her purse from her and how he ended up running off empty-handed. She also told him about how she ran away when he tried to take it out of her hands and how it did not really register until later that he had managed to take her wallet. Mary mentioned that there was still a lot of blood at the place where John Doe fell and hit his head.

George Smith thought that John Doe probably did not get any help or go to a doctor for his injured head because he wanted to make sure that no one knew who he was. George Smith told Mary that she should have called 911 because of the danger it posed to other people who might be in the same situation as her. He pointed out that John Doe had already tried to attack someone else and could do it again if he didn’t get any help right away. George Smith also said that they could have caught John Doe after she called 911 because the police would be able to use the information she was able to gather about him, such as his physical description and what direction he ran in.

However, Mary said that she did not call 911 because she was scared about what would happen afterwards. She toldGeorge that if John Doe just got a slap on the wrist for what happened to her then it was not worth it. She tried to convince him that she made the right decision because otherwise she would have been in even more trouble with her boss for not getting back to work on time. Mary also pointed out that he did not know whether they would have caught John Doe or not, so it would have been a waste of time to call the police.

George Smith thought it was too late for her to worry about John Doe and his repercussions since he was already gone. He told her that she should be more worried about herself and how much of her life she will lose while dealing with the situation at hand. He also said that they should report what happened so something can be done, even if it is just to close this case of theirs.

Mary Smith thought about what George had told her before deciding that she wanted to report the incident anyway. She called the police and told them everything before giving them all the information that she had gathered about John Doe: his name, his age, and where he went to school. She also gave them his parents’ address because she knew where they lived. The police officer thanked her for being so cooperative with them and askedher if she needed any further assistance. Mary said that she was fine and hung up the phone before walking outside to wait for the police officer.

As Mary Smith stood outside, all she could think about was what would happen if John Doe saw her waiting for the police and came back to threaten her again. She started to become very tense as she anticipated every passerby coming towards her, but luckily no one did.

She thought to herself that maybe it was a good idea to wait inside the house so she could hide in case John Doe came back. Her thoughts were interrupted when she heard someone screaming from inside her house. She ran into the house as quick as she could and saw that George was yelling while holding a cloth over someone’s head.

Mary Smith yelled, “Who are you?” because it was too dark to see who it was that he was holding. They both stopped screaming once they heard her ask this question and she heard John Doe tell George, “It’s me Mary! It’s me!” Mary tried to figure out why John Doe was in her house until he tried to approach her again to take the wallet that she was holding in her hands. It took a few secondsfor Mary Smith to realise that John Doe was trying to rob her again, but luckily this time she noticed that her hands were shaking and took this as a sign to run away.

She ran out of her house and into the street while holding her wallet in both of her hands. She ran past George who was still waving the cloth at John Doe in an attempt to blind him, but when Mary looked back she saw that John Doe was using his other hand to reach for his gun. Mary began to feel very vulnerable as she tried not to think about what could happen if John Doe shot her and kept running as fast as she could.

She had almost reached the end of the street when her foot became caught on something and she fell over. As soon as she fell, she noticed that John Doe was standing in front of her and turned around to run away again, but he grabbed hold of Mary Smith’s wrist before she could get away.

This made Mary Smith extremely anxious because it meant that there was no way for her to escape, but luckily George came running back towards them with a wooden baseball bat and hit John Doe on the head with it, knocking him out. She then saw that George was helping Karen Wilkinson, a female police officer, arrest John Doe by tying his hands together behind his back. Mary Smith quickly took her wallet from John Doe’s hand and went to talk to Karen Wilkinson by the side of the road.

After Karen Wilkinson finished reading the complaint that Mary Smith had prepared and asked which charges she would like to press, Mary Smith chose assault against John Doe because he had tried to kidnap her before she even knew why he was taking her wallet.

Mary then went back inside her house and noticed that police were in it because George had invited them inside. She later learned that John Doe had a criminal record for armed robbery and assaulting police officers.

George then brought Mary Smith into the kitchen where everyone was talking about what had just happened, but she didn’t want to be part of their conversation so she went upstairs to her bedroom. As soon as she got there, she started shaking and crying until two hours later when Melissa Jones, a woman who had witnessed the robbery from her window, knocked on Mary Smith’s door and asked if everything was okay.

When Mary Smith told Melissa Jones what had happened, Melissa Jones went downstairs to talk to everyone else and Mary Smith heard her tell everyone that she would testify in court if necessary. Mary thencalled her parents and told them what had happened. Her mother said she would come to be with Mary after George’s parents left town.

That night, Mary Smith couldn’t sleep so she took a bottle of wine into her bedroom and drank it until she fell asleep. Later in the night, Melissa Jones came upstairs and asked if they could talk about what had happened earlier. They stayed up most of the night talking about it, and when Melissa Jones finally went home at 4 a.m., Mary Smith couldn’t fall asleep again so she remained awake until 9:30 a.m., when her father came to visit after his plane from Orlando arrived at the airport.

When George Smith finally got home from his trip at 10:00 p.m., he asked Mary if she wanted to go out for some dinner, but she just wanted to go upstairs and have some peace and quiet after everything that had happened today, so she just stayed in her room.

After everyone had gone to sleep that night, Mary Smith went downstairs and found George sleeping on the couch next to the refrigerator, because he didn’t want to disturb anyone else by going upstairs. She came back downstairs after talking with him and drank more wine untilshe was too tired to drink anymore.

The next day, Mary Smith couldn’t get herself out of bed and wasn’t able to move from her bed all day. Her mother spent the afternoon trying to talk her out of going outside, but when George got home from work, she left her bedroom so he wouldn’t worry that she would stay in bed all day.

The next morning, Mary Smith was still feeling a little sick from the alcohol she had drunk the night before, so she stayed in bed until noon. When she finally got up and moved around, Karen Wilkinson came to the door with a pizza that she brought over for lunch. Mary thought about going back to bed, but Karen insisted on having lunch with her so Mary went downstairs.

After they finished eating, Karen told Mary about everything that had happened with John Doe the other day while George was gone. Melissa Jones had called her when John Doe ran up on Mary Smith, but she hadn’t seen anything because it had happened too fast for her to see anything other than the fact that someone was yelling from across the street.

Now, Melissa Jones was calling her again because John Doe was in surgery and would be getting out soon, and shewanted to know if Mary would be willing to come in and testify against him. When Karen asked Mary if she wanted to do it, Mary said that she still wasn’t feeling up for it, and Karen told her that she could take as long as she needed. She also promised that Karen would always love her no matter what happened.

After Karen left, Mary did some research online and found out that John Doe had a wife named Jessica who was five months pregnant with their first child. His parents lived in Orlando and were coming to town to visit him when he was admitted into the hospital as well. Mary found Melissa Jones’ number online and called her back to tell her not to worry about the testimony. She also promised that she would be there for Jessica if any of this got too hard for her.

Later that afternoon, John Doe was released from the hospital with two black eyes, a broken nose, a broken arm, and a broken toe. He was ordered to stay away from Mary Smith for three years after he got out of prison. He also had to pay restitution for all the things he’d stolen from Mary Smith.

The next day, John Doe got booked into Orlando City Jail on charges of assault, battery,and robbery. Melissa Jones called the police station to inform them that she would like to testify against John Doe, but the detective told her he’d already been arrested and wouldn’t be going to trial for a couple of months at least. John Doe’s parents also flew into town, but their son was unable to see them because he had been put in solitary confinement for his own protection.

About a week later, Melissa Jones called Mary Smith to tell her that she had been served a subpoena and was required by law to be at the trial. She also mentioned that John Doe had been placed in protective custody and could not make any phone calls until after the trail was over. Mary told her not to worry about it because she didn’t have anything incriminating to say about him anyway.

Then on the day of the trial, Mary Smith was called as a witness and told her version of what happened. When she left the courthouse that day, she realized that one of her bags had been gone through and all her money was missing. She checked the surveillance cameras at the parking lot and saw a man in his thirties going through her car. When Mary confronted him outside, he claimed that he thought she accidentally left it therebecause he saw her inside the courthouse earlier that day. Mary reported the incident to the police officer who offered to escort her back to her apartment complex. The man in the surveillance footage was later identified as John Doe.

The trial was over within two days and John Doe’s defense lawyer called just two witnesses to the stand: Melissa Jones and Matt Wilkinson. Throughout Matt Wilkinson’s testimony, John Doe stared at Melissa Jones, but never once looked at Mary Smith. The defense lawyer asked if they were married, but neither of them answered.

When it was time for the prosecutor to present Mary Smith as a witness, she took the stand and explained that she had lost all of her money but nothing else that night. But a few days later, she noticed that her cell phone was missing from her purse as well. The prosecutor asked if anyone ever contacted her asking for money or threatening to harm her if she didn’t give it to them, and Mary told the jury that she received a phone call from an unknown number the day after John Doe’s arrest. The person on the other end of the line said they knew about what happened to her and offered to return everything if she agreed not to testify against John Doe. Mary hung upand called the police.

Karen Wilkinson, a police officer who also previously worked as a therapist, was called to the stand as an expert witness on the effects post-traumatic stress disorder can have on rape survivors. Through Karen’s testimony, the defense lawyer proved that Mary Smith’s behavior on the night she was mugged mirrored symptoms of PTSD, and that while her actions were still within the realm of possibility for someone who had been through something like this, it was possible that she could be mistaken in her recollection of events.

The defense lawyer questioned Melissa Jones next and asked if she had ever been questioned by the police about what happened at the ATM, and Melissa replied that she had. The defense lawyer then asked why she didn’t tell the police about Roger’s phone call, but Melissa refused to answer because her husband had instructed her not to.

The defense lawyer called George Smith as a witness last, and when he took the stand, it was clear that John Doe did not like him. George Smith testified that he moved to Orlando shortly after his 18th birthday, and in his testimony, he seemed more interested in impressing the jury than telling the truth. All of this helped convince the jury of John Doe’s innocence. They found him not guiltyof both counts, and the judge gave him one year of probation as a result of his first offense.

John Doe was released from prison later that same day, and he immediately came to Mary Smith’s house with flowers and a bottle of wine, which he had stolen from the trial room before leaving. He apologized for putting her through the ordeal and she forgave him, but she also reminded him that she was filing charges for violating his probation. He laughed at her, reminding her that she had already forgiven him for everything, and Mary Smith had no response to that except a shrug.

After he left, her father knocked on the door and came in to find out what was going on. He was furious, but Mary Smith stood by everything she said about being robbed at the ATM and although her father wanted her to file charges against John Doe for violating his probation, she refused to listen to him. She told him that she was no longer in danger and that there was nothing John Doe could do to hurt her now.

The next day, Mary Smith met with Mrs. Brown, the owner of a local art gallery that she had been working with since before the incident; Mrs. Brown told her that she had just lost a valuable piece ofartwork because Mary Smith was too shaken up to go back to work. Mrs. Brown was disappointed in Mary Smith’s decision to let John Doe off with nothing more than a slap on the wrist, but Mary Smith didn’t see what she could do about it short of getting police involved again, which she didn’t want to do. Mrs. Brown told Mary Smith that she understood her position and offered her a full time job at the art gallery after she was completely recovered.

Mary Smith was happy to be back at work and started receiving phone calls from George Smith as soon as the news broke of how well he reacted to John Doe’s escape from prison. He bragged about doing such a good job and acted like he was the hero for taking down an entire courtroom of people who were there because they had been robbed by John Doe. He also told Mary Smith that he believed that John Doe would have raped her if she hadn’t decided to run away, but she didn’t believe him. She thought he was only saying that because he didn’t want her to know that John Doe had called him and implied that the only reason Mary Smith had ever gone out with him at all was so she could get abetter job for herself.

George Smith started telling people that Mary Smith had been his girlfriend until she was robbed, but she told Melissa Jones, who then went to Mrs. Brown and told her what George Smith was saying. Mrs. Brown told George Smith to leave Mary Smith and the art gallery alone or she would get the police involved again, which is what he wanted in the first place; he just wasn’t happy about it.

Jessica Doe heard about everything that went down between Mary Smith and John Doe through George Smith, and when she realized what George was implying, she told him that it wasn’t true at all. She said that John Doe had tried to kiss her when they were together, but she was too afraid of what he might do if she rejected him to tell anyone about it.

Jessica Doe contacted Mary Smith soon after and apologized for not believing her before and told her that if John Doe does anything to Jessica or Melissa, she will break every bone in his body. Mary Smith knew how worried about Jessica and Melissa Jones was, so she never held what she did against her.

John Doe was denied parole after his first hearing and has been in prison ever since. Mary Smith hears from Melissa Jones once every fewmonths and always makes sure that Jessica is alright, even though Mary never talks to her directly. She still visits her mother once every couple of weeks until Mrs. Brown passes away a couple years later, and then she goes to see her aunt Louise Spencer every now and then, but Mary doesn’t notice any change in her demeanor.

John Doe is on his way out of prison after being granted an early release. He’s been out for a little while now and he has been going to Mary Smith’s neighborhood and standing outside of the art gallery a lot more often than usual, which is making everyone in the art world nervous.

Mrs. Brown sends Jessica Doe home early tonight because of how nervous she is about John Doe being out of prison, but when she gets to her apartment Jessica gets a call on the intercom. It’s George Smith coming over to apologize for everything he said and make sure that she’s alright while John Doe is out of prison. She agrees to see him and he makes sure she gets home safely after they finish talking.

George Smith wants to make amends with Mary Smith, too, but he doesn’t know how anymore than he knows how to apologize to Jessica Doe.

When John Doe is released from prison, he goes to the art gallery and sees Mary Smith. He tells her that he’s sorry for what happened and that he’s been trying to get his life together. He asks her for a job, but Mrs. Brown tells him that he’s not welcome there.

A few weeks later, John Doe robs a bank and takes hostages. When the police arrive, they find out that one of the hostages is Mary Smith. They try to negotiate with him, but John Doe doesn’t want to let Mary Smith go. He says that if they don’t give him what he wants then he’ll kill her. The police don’t know what to do, so they call in George Smith.

George Smith tries to talk sense into John Doe, but it doesn’t work. John Doe ends up shooting Mary Smith in the leg and George Smith tackles him to the ground.