 Jenna Adams felt a brief and strong panic when she saw Brian Johnson in the parking lot. She had been working at the local library for two years, and she would have expected to have seen him there before. He was three years older than her, in his early thirties, with a boyish charm. He was tall, lean and looked as if he had just walked off the cover of GQ. She wondered if he had been a model at one point in his life.

The first time Jenna saw him she stopped short in the middle of the aisle between bookshelves and looked up at him, her heart beating faster. Brian Johnson was standing in front of the window looking out into the parking lot, but she could tell that he hadn’t seen her yet.

Jenna Adams came to a stop beside Brian Johnson and looked at him with wide eyes.

Brian Johnson turned around and smiled at her, flashing perfect white teeth in Jenna Adams’s face.

Jenna Adams met Brian Johnson several times after that, but she found herself longing for an invitation to lunch or a cup of coffee just the two of them. She wanted to get to know him better, but they were only casual acquaintances. They had met in such a chance encounter that Jenna Adams was unsure how to approach him about going out together.

They did spend time together at the library when she was on break, as he worked part-time at the public library as well. They discussed books and movies and, on one occasion, talked about their families.

But Jenna Adams wouldn’t allow herself to become too emotionally involved in her relationship with Brian Johnson because she didn’t want to get her hopes up. Jenna Adams had been in love many times before, and no matter how hard she tried to warn herself not to give her heart away too soon, the inevitable happened every single time. Jenna Adams fell madly in love with every person she dated, but they all broke up with her before the first month was over.

Brian Johnson was different from the other men she had known. He seemed to be genuinely interested in her. But Jenna Adams was careful not to get her hopes up. She also avoided socializing with Brian Johnson whenever Mary Smith was around, knowing full well that if she ever introduced them, the romance would be over.

Despite her efforts to maintain a casual relationship with Brian Johnson by only spending time together when Mary Smith was away, Jenna Adams found herself wanting more. The longer they spent time together, the more Jenna Adams wanted their relationship to go somewhere. On Fridays and Saturdays, especially, she became so excited when she saw Brian Johnson walking down the street or in other public places that she almost ran to catch up with him.

Jenna Adams felt as though there was something very special between the two of them, and she began to feel more and more hopeful about their future together. She liked Brian Johnson and thought they had a lot in common, but then again, she thought that about all of her ex-boyfriends. Jenna Adams was growing more and more infatuated with Brian Johnson, and she thought that perhaps this was what real love felt like. Maybe marriage wasn’t so bad after all.

Nevertheless, Brian Johnson’s mother, Mary Smith, disapproved of Jenna Adams and did everything she could to break them up.

“She just doesn’t like me,” Brian Johnson told his roommate one evening when he stopped by their apartment to pick up the latest issue of Time magazine. “I don’t know why, but she hates me. I think it might have something to do with the way she sees Jenna Adams as her rival or something. No matter what, I can’t seem to please her.”

Brian Johnson laid the magazine down on his roommate’s coffee table and stood there for a moment in deep thought. “Brian Johnson,” said his roommate. “The last thing you need right now is a woman in your life!”

Brian Johnson laughed nervously but then nodded his head in agreement. He looked over at the clock on his friend’s mantle and realized that it was getting late, so he moved toward the door.

His friend walked over to him and grabbed Brian Johnson by the arm. “Look, Brian Johnson, you aren’t ready for any kind of serious commitment. Take it from me—you don’t want to get married just yet. You need to go out and date a few more girls first!”

Brian Johnson laughed, although he was secretly wondering if his friend might be right. He knew that Jenna Adams was ready for him. She had told him as much several times when they were dating. Now that they were living together, she had even mentioned marriage more than once. Brian Johnson was confused about what to do—especially since he was unsure if Jenna Adams was right for him anyway.

Brian Johnson opened the door and headed outside for the car, leaving his friend with an amused look on his face. Brian Johnson got into the passenger seat of his car and turned on the radio, but he couldn’t seem to find any music that wasn’t depressing him at this point. He moved to turn it off and instead turned up the volume, hoping that he would hear something else soon.

Jenna Adams came out of the restaurant and climbed into the car, shutting the door behind her. She gave Brian Johnson a quick kiss and said, “What made you change your mind?”

Brian Johnson laughed dryly before responding. “I didn’t know that you wanted to marry me. You have never mentioned it before.” He paused for a moment before asking, “Why is it important to you?”

Jenna Adams smiled at him, and then looked away. “Because I love you, Brian Johnson. I want to be with you forever. I want you to give me a ring and ask me to marry you. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me in my life, and I want to be yours forever.”

Brian Johnson considered her words carefully before saying, “Jenna Adams, I need you to think about this decision. Consider it carefully.”

Jenna Adams responded by shaking her head and smiling up at him. “I have thought about it for a long time, Brian Johnson. What are you talking about?”

Brian Johnson considered her answer carefully before saying, “You have thought about it for a long time? When was the first time that you thought about marrying me?”

Jenna Adams looked down and sighed before looking back up at him. “When I found out that my ex-boyfriend was sleeping with my best friend behind my back.”

Brian Johnson felt his anger rising, but he forced it down and said in a calm voice, “Why is that? What about your best friend did you fall in love with so much? What did she do that makes you want to be with her?”

Jenna Adams turned her head to the side and stared out of the window for a few moments before looking back at Brian Johnson. She put her purse on the bed next to her clothes and looked up at Brian Johnson. “Oh, please, Brian Johnson. You know exactly what she did. She was there for me when I needed her and she never left my side. She does not ever care about herself enough to let anyone else come between us.” Jenna Adams started to pack her clothes into her suitcase and continued, “I could not bear the thought of being without her, so I decided that maybe I should ask you to marry me. Maybe then we could be together forever.”

Brian Johnson shook his head and sighed, sitting down on the bed beside her. He took a deep breath before asking, “What changed your mind?”

Jenna Adams walked over to Brian Johnson and took his hand in hers. She smiled and said, “Well, I found out that you are moving away and that I would have to stay here alone.”

Brian Johnson pulled his hand away from Jenna Adams’s hand. He put his face in his hands and sighed loudly. “Oh, Jenna Adams.”

Jenna Adams moved her hand away from Brian Johnson’s and sat down on top of her suitcase. She looked at him and said, “Let me guess. You are having second thoughts about marrying me because you do not want to leave me behind?”

Brian Johnson looked up at Jenna Adams and said, “I have not changed my mind about wanting to marry you. I was never able to tell you this before, but I am still in love with Teresa Campbell.”

Jenna Adams started crying as she stood up and faced Brian Johnson. She said, “You were never supposed to love me. I was supposed to be the girl that you moved on from. You and I were just going to be friends who were dating long enough so that our parents would not force us to break up.”

Brian Johnson started to shake his head and said, “That is not true. I never set you up to be a placeholder for Teresa Campbell. At the beginning of our relationship, I was just going along with it because my friends and family told me that it was what a good boyfriend does. But the more I got to know you, the more I realized that I really loved you.”

Jenna Adams shook her head and said, “You do not love me. You are just moving on from Teresa Campbell to someone else who you will one day realize that you love more than me.”

Jenna Adams continued to break down in tears. Brian Johnson then said, “I am sorry that I did not tell you how I felt about you earlier. I did not know that it was possible to love someone so much until I met you.”

Jenna Adams said, “You broke my heart. There is no way that I am moving to New York and leaving my family and friends for a guy who has moved on from me so easily. I am going home to Chicago tonight and then I am moving back home in the morning.”

She then started to walk away, but Brian Johnson said, “Don’t leave like this. Talk with me and see if we can figure something out.” He grabbed her arm and said, “I still love you. I want to be with you forever.”

Jenna Adams looked at him and said, “You don’t know what you are saying. You don’t know how it feels to have your heart broken by the man that you thought was the love of your life. You are taking a chance on Teresa Campbell and I do not blame you for it. I still love you, but I just cannot trust your promises anymore.”

Brian Johnson said, “I don’t know what else I can do to prove how much I love you. All I know is that all this talk about me loving Teresa Campbell does not feel right. Teresa Campbell admitted that she only had sex with me because she was so drunk and you and I stopped talking. She told me that it was a mistake and that she still loved her other boyfriend, Jeff. She confessed to me that she was trying to use me as a way of getting over Jeff, but that she still loves him.”

Jenna Adams then responded, “What about the conversations that you two had about me? What about those conversations? Teresa Campbell admitted to you that she had feelings for me and then said that she wanted to get together with you again.” Jenna Adams then fell on Brian Johnson. She hugged him tight and said, “Tell me that you still love me and that our marriage is not over. Tell me that we can still be together!” Brian Johnson did not say a word. He hugged her back and said, “I don’t know what to do. I am so confused about everything that has happened between us and Teresa Campbell.”

Jenna Adams then said, “You still love her! You have no choice but to admit it! I overheard the conversations that you had with Teresa Campbell and you were always talking about how things between us were so complicated, and how she was the one who got away.” Jenna Adams then said, “I am so sick of hearing these two people talk about me. I am sick of this relationship and I want out of this whole thing. I want out now!” Jenna Adams then said, “Brian Johnson, I want a divorce.” Jenna Adams then broke down into tears. She was devastated by what had happened between her and Brian Johnson. She wanted him to take her back, but she knew that he would not do it and that she would have to move on with her life.

Brian Johnson looked at her and said, “Oh Jenna Adams, I love you. I want you in my life forever. But I am confused about how I feel towards you and Teresa Campbell. You are the only woman that has ever meant anything to me in my whole life and Teresa Campbell is the only woman who broke my heart. I want to tell her that I will never talk to her again, but I don’t know if she will accept my offer. I don’t know how things between us will work out. I am sorry that things had gone this way for you and for me. You have been a major part of my life and I can’t imagine going on without you. Please, Jenna Adams, forgive me and take me back.” Brian Johnson then put his arms around Jenna Adams in a tight hug and cried on her shoulder. She needed to know whether or not he was telling the truth.

Jenna Adams pulled away from him and said, “Brian Johnson, I don’t believe you. If you did really love me as you said, then how could you cheat on me with your ex-girlfriend? Are those not evidence enough that you do not love me? You said that you still have feelings for her, but I am the only woman that is supposed to be in your life. You should have chosen me right from the start if you really wanted to be with me forever. Now it is too late. It would be best for us if we decided to go our separate ways and forget about each other. Being alone is better than being with someone who doesn’t truly love you, don’t you agree?” Jenna Adams then walked over to her discarded engagement ring and picked it up. She said, “I don’t want this thing anymore so I am going to throw it out.”

Jenna Adams then threw the ring into the fire pit that was in their backyard. She left Brian Johnson standing there in shock. As Jenna Adams was driving home during a torrential downpour, she felt a great sense of relief that she had thrown away her engagement ring because it meant that she would never have to see Brian Johnson again.

Jenna Adams pulled up into the driveway of her home and got out of the car. She went into her house and started walking over to the fireplace, where the rest of her belongings were thrown out. Jenna Adams noticed that the fireplace was already lit and had burned down to a small pile of ashes. She threw away her old photo albums, all of her jewelry and perfumes, and everything else that reminded her of Brian Johnson. She threw them all into the fire pit too. Everything that was left in her house was then thrown into the fireplace.

The next morning, Jenna Adams walked into her bedroom where all she could see were ashes on the floor from the fire that she had started the previous evening. She sat down on her bed and looked at everything that was left out of what was once her life with Brian Johnson. Jenna Adams opened up a drawer and found a small notebook and an old photo album. She took out the photo album to see what he was doing now. Jenna Adams opened up the photo album and found out that Brian Johnson had moved on with his life and wasn’t thinking about her anymore.