
Premise: A young woman is determined to never get married and live her life alone, but when she meets a man who seems perfect for her, she begins to rethink her decision.

Setting: The story is set in a small town in the United States.

Characters:
Jenna Adams: Jenna Adams is a young woman in her early twenties.
Teresa Campbell: Teresa Campbell is Brian Johnson's ex-girlfriend.
Mary Smith: Mary Smith is Brian Johnson's mother.
Brian Johnson: Brian Johnson is a man in his early thirties.


Outline:

1. Jenna Adams meets Brian Johnson and immediately feels drawn to him. Scene:  Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

        a. Jenna Adams meets Brian Johnson and feels an instant connection to him. Scene:  Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

                i. Jenna Adams meets Brian Johnson for the first time. Scene: a small town in the United States. Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

                ii. Jenna Adams and Brian Johnson start talking and quickly become friends. Scene: a small town in the United States. Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

        b. The two of them start dating and Jenna Adams begins to fall in love with Brian Johnson. Scene:  Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

                i. The two of them start dating and Jenna Adams falls more in love with Brian Johnson with each passing day. Scene: a small town in the United States. Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

                ii. However, Brian Johnson's mother, Mary Smith, disapproves of Jenna Adams and does everything she can to break them up. Scene: a small town in the United States. Characters: Jenna Adams, Mary Smith, Brian Johnson

                iii. Nonetheless, Jenna Adams and Brian Johnson's relationship continues to grow stronger. Scene: a small town in the United States. Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

2. Jenna Adams starts to think that maybe marriage isn't so bad after all when Brian Johnson seems like the perfect man for her. Scene:  Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

        a. Jenna Adams starts to think that maybe marriage isn't so bad when Brian Johnson seems like the perfect man for her. Scene:  Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

                i. Jenna Adams begins to think that maybe marriage isn't so bad when Brian Johnson seems like the perfect man for her. Scene: Brian Johnson's car as he is driving Jenna Adams home from their date. Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

                ii. Brian Johnson asks Jenna Adams to marry him and Jenna Adams starts to consider it. Scene: Brian Johnson's car as he is driving Jenna Adams home from their date. Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

        b. After much soul searching, Jenna Adams decides that she wants to marry Brian Johnson. Scene:  Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

                i. After much soul searching, Jenna Adams decides that marriage isn't so bad after all and that Brian Johnson is the perfect man for her. Scene: Jenna Adams' bedroom as she is packing her bags to move in with Brian Johnson. Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

                ii. Jenna Adams and Brian Johnson get married. Scene: Jenna Adams and Brian Johnson's new home. Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

3. However, when Brian Johnson's ex-girlfriend shows up and tries to win him back, Jenna Adams realizes that marriage isn't for her after all and that it's better to be alone than with someone who doesn't truly love you. Scene:  Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson, Teresa Campbell

        a. Jenna Adams overhears a conversation between Brian Johnson and his ex-girlfriend, Teresa Campbell. Scene:  Characters: Jenna Adams, Teresa Campbell, Brian Johnson

                i. Jenna Adams overhears a conversation between Brian Johnson and his ex-girlfriend, Teresa Campbell in which Brian Johnson says that he still loves her. Scene: the beginning of the story. Characters: Jenna Adams, Teresa Campbell, Brian Johnson

                ii. Jenna Adams is heartbroken by what she hears. Scene: the middle of the story. Characters: Jenna Adams

        b. Jenna Adams confronts Brian Johnson about the conversation and Brian Johnson confesses that he still has feelings for Teresa Campbell. Scene:  Characters: Jenna Adams, Teresa Campbell, Brian Johnson

                i. Jenna Adams confronts Brian Johnson about the conversation and Brian Johnson confesses that he still loves Teresa Campbell. Scene: the middle of the story. Characters: Jenna Adams, Teresa Campbell, Brian Johnson

                ii. Brian Johnson tells Jenna Adams that Teresa Campbell wants to get back together with him, but he doesn't know what to do. Scene: the middle of the story. Characters: Jenna Adams, Teresa Campbell, Brian Johnson

        c. Jenna Adams breaks up with Brian Johnson. Scene:  Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

                i. Jenna Adams breaks up with Brian Johnson. Scene: the end of the story. Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

                ii. Brian Johnson begs Jenna Adams to take him back and tells her that he loves her, but Jenna Adams doesn't believe him. Scene: the end of the story. Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

        d. Jenna Adams decides that it's better to be alone than with someone who doesn't truly love you. Scene:  Characters: Jenna Adams, Teresa Campbell

                i. Jenna Adams decides that it better to be alone than with someone who doesn't truly love you. Scene: the end of the story. Characters: Jenna Adams

                ii. Jenna Adams throws away her engagement ring and moves out of the house that she shared with Brian Johnson. Scene: the end of the story. Characters: Jenna Adams, Brian Johnson

                iii. Jenna Adams starts a new life on her own. Scene: the end of the story. Characters: Jenna Adams