Jenna Adams was not a normal person. That much was true. She didn’t think like other people and acted in ways that most people did not understand. However, the main reason why she thought that she was not a normal person was because she would never, ever get married. She had made this decision years ago when she was a teenager and had seen how her parents had been miserable together. She quickly decided that it was not something that she wanted to go through herself, so she would rather be alone forever than spend her life with someone who would make her unhappy. This thought made Jenna smile to herself. She had always been one to embrace solitude and find comfort in her own thoughts. In fact, she sometimes felt as though talking to people was a waste of time because they often did not understand what she was talking about. 	Jenna had lived in this small town her entire life, and the community had become so accustomed to her odd behavior that no one thought much of it. It was common knowledge in the town that she would never have anyone close to her, and this didn’t bother Jenna in the least.

   Jenna was currently sitting in a coffee shop just outside of town. She had ordered a double-double andwas reading a book by one of her favorite authors, Ray Bradbury. Her eyes glanced over the page while her mind wandered to other topics. One of these topics was a man who she had seen just a few minutes earlier. He had entered the restaurant and sat down at a table toward the back. He was about six feet tall with dirty blond hair and brown eyes. His face was attractive but not conventionally so, which is why she found him so fascinating. He was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt – not the most attractive thing, but it did not need to be because he carried himself with an air of confidence about him that commanded the respect of others around him. As she watched him sip his coffee and read a book, Jenna could not take her eyes off of him. She wondered who he was and what his life was like. Since she didn’t know him, it seemed wrong to sit at the table and stare at him without even introducing herself, so she decided to get up from her seat and go speak with him. 	Jenna stood up from her table as discreetly as possible so that the man at the back table would not notice her. She tried to come up with something clever or witty to say when she reached histable, but she was a little too excited to think of anything. As she approached him, it became evident that he had seen her walk in and sit down by herself, but was obviously hoping that he would have time to finish his coffee before someone started a conversation with him. When Jenna reached his table, she sat down across from him and looked into his eyes for the first time. His brown eyes stared back at her as if he were trying to discover who this person was seated across from him. Jenna thought he looked like a deer caught in headlights because of this; he had no idea what to do but also did not want to be rude and cut her short. This was another part of what made him so attractive to her – he held himself with such grace and poise that she knew he was a man worthy of being admired.	“Hi, I’m Jenna,” she said somewhat nervously.

	The man stood up from his chair and extended his hand toward her saying, “Hi, I’m Brian.” They shook hands and Jenna felt a pleasant tingle run up her arm.

	“I never thought I would ever meet you,” she said excitedly.“I am such a huge fan.”

	Brian looked confused for a moment before it dawned on him that she had recognized him. With a smile on his face he asked, “Are you talking about me or the band?”

	It was obvious to Jenna that Brian was accustomed to being recognized and adored by women everywhere. He seemed almost giddy at the idea that someone actually knew who he was, and not for his good looks alone. Jenna felt even more drawn to him because of this; there was an innocence in him that most people lacked as they aged. She knew she would have to tread carefully in the situation since there was already a woman in his life, but she had never felt so strongly about anyone before and she was determined to win him over.

	“I’m talking about you of course silly, but I am also a huge fan of your work with the guys,” she said while blushing. 	Brian smiled again and Jenna couldn’t help but notice that he had perfect white teeth. She liked his smile; it made her feel comfortable around him – almost like he was a close friend. He seemed genuinely interested in getting to know her also.“I’m glad you like my music. I would be more than happy to tell you all about it sometime if you’d like,” he said and Jenna found herself nodding her head in eager agreement without thinking about it first.

	He then moved his hand up to her shoulder and squeezed gently as he continued speaking, “But for now let me introduce myself. My name is Brian Johnson, and I’m very pleased to meet you Jenna.”

	Before he went on, Jenna laughed and said, “Oh wait I know who you are! You’re that amazing guitarist from AC/DC right? If you don’t mind me asking, why are you here?”

	Brian laughed also, and grabbed her hand as he took a step closer. “I actually came here tonight to meet someone that I met through some mutual friends, but now that I have met you I don’t think it matters if they ever show up or not. Would you care to dance?”

	Jenna laughed in response and allowed Brian to guide her out onto the dance floor. As they walked, he squeezed her hand gently which caused her to blush even more. She was glad she had chosen to put on her favorite pair of jeans and long sleeved flowered top earlier that day, as she felt comfortable and confident in them that night.

	As they danced, their bodies pressed against each other in a smooth flowing motion that made Jenna feel warm inside. They danced for what seemed like ages, and though both of them had been drinking throughout the night so far, neither one of them felt drunk. They were just enjoying each other’s company without having to do anything else.

	They stopped dancing for a moment to take a break and Jenna grabbed a cocktail from the bar and then took a sip. When she turned around Brian was looking at her smiling brightly with his glass in his hand as well. He then looked at where she was holding hers, as if looking to see if she would notice, but Jenna had already seen him do it and quickly put the glass down on the bar. She wasn’t sure why, but she didn’t want to be drinking alcohol that night.

	They continued talking for a long while, neither one wanting the conversation to end. Jenna mentioned once about how she had just broken up with her boyfriend a few weeks earlier and how much she missed having someone thereto talk to every day. Brian then told her what it was like living on the road and how many people he had lost touch with over the years, but still held dear in his heart. Jenna noticed that Brian never spoke poorly of anyone, even those who had wronged him. She admired that about him.

	After a while, they decided to call it a night and Jenna gave Brian her phone number and told him she would love to go out with him again sometime. He smiled warmly at her and said he would call her as soon as he got back in town.

	As they made their way out of the club towards their cars, Jenna looked back at Brian one last time before heading home, and thought to herself: “He is the perfect man for me”.

	She was glad that she had decided to go out for the night that night, because if she hadn’t, she would have never gotten to meet Brian Johnson.

Jenna sat at home reading a book when her phone rang and she saw it was Brian calling. That gave her butterflies in her stomach as the sound of his voice over the phone made her feel good all over. When they finished talking, they agreed on another date in a coupleof days’ time and hung up. Jenna then had a thought that marriage wasn’t so bad after all, because Brian just may be the one for her.

	After hanging up the phone and picking up her book again, she couldn’t keep her mind off of Brian as she wondered what it would be like to get married and live happily ever after.

	She smiled to herself and turned the page of her book, but then quickly put it down again before she could read a single word. She was suddenly overcome by the urge to go out and buy an engagement ring for Brian.

	She knew that was silly because they barely knew each other, but she couldn’t help herself as she had never felt so strongly for another man.

Jenna rushed out to get her engagement ring and was even more excited when she saw it in the store window. She bought it and rushed back home to give it to Brian.

	But when she got home, he wasn’t there – he had gone out for the night again.

	She sighed with disappointment and told herself that she shouldn’t have done that because they really didn’t know each other well enough for her to buy him an engagementring. But she still couldn’t get the ring off of her mind.

	Jenna finally decided that it was best to put the engagement ring away and forget about it until Brian returned home. She then picked up her book again and began reading it, but again found her mind distracted. She thought back on all of the things that had happened between Brian and herself since they had met over a month ago.

	She remembered how she first felt attracted to him when he came to meet her at her small apartment in DC. They had talked on the phone several times before he came over, but seeing his face was what eventually did it for her.

	She had been so happy that night because she finally felt what she had always wanted to feel for someone else – attraction and love. She looked over at a picture of a young couple in love. She thought of how excited and nervous she was when Brian first asked her out on a date, which is why she had agreed to go out with him so quickly.

	Jenna remembered how much fun they had on their first date when they went out to see the Rocky Horror Picture Show at the movie theater. He was so funny and they both laughed together throughout the whole movie. She had never laughedthat much on a first date before, and she thought about how easy it was for them to have fun together. She began to wonder if this could be the man that she would marry one day.

	She then began thinking about what Brian’s friends had told her about him. They described him as being a very kind and sincere person who would be a good husband someday. They also said that he was a very talented singer, which made Jenna very happy because she loves listening to live music. She began thinking about how fun it would be if she and Brian could perform together on stage someday.

	Her mind kept going back to the engagement ring and all of the nice things that Brian had said to her on their second date when he took her out for a nice dinner in Alexandria, VA. He told her that if he wanted to marry someone, he would choose her over and over again because she’s everything that he ever wanted in a woman. Jenna felt slightly overwhelmed by those statements, but at the same time knew that there was something special about him.

	She began feeling sad as she realized that this might not work out between them because of Brian’s past relationships with other women. They both had come from long relationships before meetingeach other, which made Jenna feel a bit insecure about their relationship.

	She knew that she still had feelings for Brian, but she was unsure if he felt the same way about her. She knew that she loved him and hoped that he would love her back someday.

	She went to bed one night hoping that he would call her and profess his undying love for her, but he had already left town by then. Jenna was surprised when she found out about this because she thought that they were getting closer to each other, but she knew that he wouldn’t do anything to hurt her. She tried to hold it together but she ended up crying in her bed the whole night as she listened to AC/DC on her radio.

	The next day, she went out shopping and bought a beautiful engagement ring that Brian would love. She thought that it would help her get over him faster if she could see him wearing it one day. She then planned to propose to him when he came back; however, when he returned, there was no ring and no note waiting for her.

	Jenna believed that this meant that he didn’t want to marry her after all because he didn’t want to leave any evidence behind that hewas with her. She started to wonder if she had done the right thing. She decided not to mention anything about the gift she bought for him, but she was still devastated.

	It worried Jenna that Brian hadn’t called her at all since that evening and the fact that he wasn’t even sure if they were still seeing each other or not made it seem like he wasn’t interested. He had mentioned before how marriage wasn’t for him, but Jenna thought that maybe he would change his mind about it once they had been dating for long enough. She was wrong about this.

	When Brian flew back into town a few days later, they met up again and went out dancing at AC/DC in Alexandria. She enjoyed herself and she thought that things would finally be okay between them, but suddenly another girl showed up and started talking to him on the dance floor.

	The woman looked about the same age as Jenna and she was wearing a wedding gown. She seemed happy to see Brian and gave him a big hug before going off with his friends to have some drinks. Jenna was devastated by this, but she kept it together and pretended not to notice what had just happened. She had a feeling that she wouldn’t be seeing Brian Johnson again after that.

	When the band got on stage, they began playing some of their most popular songs. Brian’s friends waved at Jenna and told her to wave back in front of them as if she was one of them. Jenna smiled and waved at them before turning her attention back to the band.

	The night was still young, so Jenna decided to stay there and dance some more. She drank a beer and danced to all of their songs that they played that night. At one point, Brian came up behind her and put his arms around her waist while they danced together. They looked so wonderful together as they held each other close and swayed back and forth to the song that was playing. It seemed like nothing else mattered at that moment except for having him in her arms.

	It occurred to her then how easy it would be to fall in love with him, but she knew she couldn’t trust him after what happened on the dance floor with his ex-girlfriend. He made his feelings about marriage very clear when he said that Jenna would never be the girl to change his mind about this subject, but she thought he had forgotten about this by now. But, after everything that happened at AC/DC’s concert, she realized that no matter how hard she tried to forget about her and Brian’s past arguments about marriage, it was still something he felt strongly enough to fight for.

	Jenna broke away from Brian and walked over to the bar where she drank another beer while watching him perform on stage. Her heart began to break in two as she thought about how happy they could have been together if he had wanted to marry her. She felt so foolish for buying him an engagement ring only a few weeks ago only to have it thrown back at her in front of everyone there.

	She began to cry and ran from the club back out into the cold night air. She didn’t notice that she had made it onto the highway until she heard a car honking its horn behind her as it swerved out of the way to avoid hitting her.

	Jenna wiped away her tears and looked up to see what was causing all the commotion. As she did, she was shocked when she recognized who was driving behind her car: Brian Johnson!

	When he saw her looking at him, Brian turned off his engine and got out of his car. He ran up to her and stood in front of her so she couldn’t get away.

	Jenna was terrified of the situation she found herself in, but when Brian pulled her into his arms her fears subsided. He gently kissed her on the lips and whispered “I’m sorry” into her ear.

	Jenna pulled away and looked at him with a confused expression on her face. She said “I don’t understand, what are you sorry for?”

	He took a step back from her and replied “I’m sorry for what I said about not marrying you. You are the one that I want to marry, Jenna. It’s just that I have a lot of baggage that comes along with being me. I know we could be so happy if we just tried harder, and we both know I don’t try hard enough because of my past relationships.”

	Jenna put her head on his chest and said “It’s okay, Brian. It really is. I understand where you are coming from and I don’t want to be the one that forces you to do something you don’t want to do. I guess we just weren’t meant to be together in spite of how perfect we are for each other.”

	Brian hugged her tightly and said “I love you, Jenna. I really do.”

	She looked up at him and said “I know, Brian.