  An Unpleasant Surprise

Jennifer Leighton was driving home from work. It had been a particularly long and trying day at her office, and she looked forward to getting home. Her husband, Scott, was a successful architect. For nearly ten years, they lived in an apartment in New York City while Scott worked on designing a large corporate headquarters and Jennifer served as his secretary. When the project was completed, they moved to Boston. Jennifer resumed work as a secretary, but now Scott managed his own firm.

Jennifer arrived home after nine o’clock, the time when she would normally be preparing dinner. But tonight was different. Jennifer parked her car in front of their suburban home and went inside. She walked through the living room and into the kitchen. She was surprised to see that their kitchen table was completely clean; there were no dirty dishes in sight. She then realized that this was not her home, and she wondered where she was.

She heard faint voices coming from the next room. She cautiously walked into the dining room and saw her husband at the table, having dinner with another woman. The woman turned around. It was Rachel Saunders. Jennifer’s eyes widened as she stared at Rachel, stunned by the realization that her husband was having an affair.

“Scott!” Jennifer said breathlessly. “What a pleasant surprise!” Scott did not answer. He just looked at her, his eyes full of guilt and remorse, his face ashen white.

“What are you doing here?” Rachel said. “I thought you were in Boston for the day.”

“No, I just came home early,” Scott said quietly. “By the way, do you mind if I join you for dinner?”

Jennifer was still standing in the doorway when she heard Rachel say, “Of course not.” She entered the room and sat down next to him at the table.

They both just stared at each other for several seconds before Jennifer finally spoke up. “How long have you been seeing each other?”

Scott frowned and said, “It doesn’t matter. We have to break off the affair.”

“What? Why? What happened? Is something wrong between us? Have we grown apart so much that we don’t love each other anymore or what? We can work this out, Scott. We just need to sit down and talk about it.”

“We can’t ‘work this out,’” he said firmly. “I know you think this is an easy decision to make, but I assure you that it isn’t. This has been going on for several weeks now. Rachel and I have fallen in love with each other and we cannot ignore our feelings any longer. You are a wonderful woman, Jenny, but we both know that something isn’t right between us. It might take me a long time to figure out what exactly that is, but I know for certain that we can’t go on together the way we have been. We need to separate and live our own lives.”

Jennifer thought about all he had said, then replied, “Do you know how many relationships I’ve seen come apart because one partner was unfaithful? I love you, Scott. I thought everything between us was fine. You’ve told me that we have a happy marriage and how much you love me and how much I mean to you. How can you say this is for the best?”

He sighed and reached over to hold her hand. “I know that this is terribly unfair, Jenny, but I can’t live a lie any longer. I don’t want to hurt you, but we both need to move on and let each other find happiness elsewhere.”

Jennifer looked down at her lap, then up at her husband. “What about the kids? Who do they live with?”

He felt like his heart was being ripped out. “I suggest joint custody, or perhaps we could switch off every other week or so.”

Jennifer fought back tears. “What about our finances?” she asked, trying to sound detached. “We have a mortgage to pay and kids to raise. How much money do you think I can get from you for the divorce?”

Jennifer’s husband shrugged again. “I dunno, maybe a couple of thousand dollars? I don’t want to fight over this. I want it all settled quickly and fairly.” He turned away and stared out the window. “I want a divorce, Jennifer. Let me take the kids and leave. I’ll let you know where I’m living and send you child support payments every month. That way, you’ll have your money, and we don’t have to see each other or speak unless we need to discuss the children.”

Jennifer was now crying uncontrollably. “You can’t do this to me, Andrew. You can’t just walk out of my life like this and expect me to accept it without a fight! Do you have any idea how much I hate you right now?”

Andrew slowly turned to face her. He stood there for a few moments, looking at her with tears rolling down his cheeks, and then he walked into the bathroom. Jennifer watched him go, unable to say or do anything.

The silence was broken when she heard the front door close and Rachel’s voice in the living room. “Is Andrew here?”

“Not if he can help it,” came Jennifer’s angry reply.

Jennifer moved to the door and looked out into the living room just in time to see Rachel leaving through the front door, carrying both of the children.

“Where are you taking them?” Jennifer shouted at Rachel.

With a smile on her face, Rachel said, “I’m moving in with my parents until Andrew and I can work out our problems. I’ll be back when we move into our own place. You and I will still see each other, so don’t worry.”

Jennifer stared at Rachel for several seconds as she backed down the driveway, then she moved quickly to the living room window and watched her drive away.

There was no turning back now, and Jennifer knew it. Rachel was moving in with her parents, leaving the children temporarily in her care. Jennifer opened the living room window to look at the two small figures as they sat side-by-side in their car seats.

“Let’s go, Andrew,” Rachel said.

Jennifer could not see the children moving, but it sounded as if they were moving around in their baby seats. The movement did not look normal, like they were moving from one seat to the other. She moved closer to the window and saw the two car seats sitting next to each other.

One of the car seats moved about two feet to the right, and then stopped. The other car seat tilted forward and the doll that Jennifer had bought for Lily fell onto its head. When Jennifer saw this, she realized that while her daughter was playing with a new doll, her son had climbed out of his car seat and was standing in the footwell. He was trying to reach the new toy. Jennifer stared at him as he turned his head and looked up at the open window.

“Hey, Mommy,” he called out. Jennifer leaned forward to catch a glimpse of her son. He was holding onto the new toy and wearing a wide smug smile. He was looking up at her with such enthusiasm that it made Jennifer feel guilty. She glanced at her daughter, who still sat watching television.

“Come here, Lily,” Jennifer said. “Let’s go back to your seat. Let me put the doll in your toy box for you. Your daddy is going to take you home now, so let’s go back to your seat and say bye-bye to your sister.” Jennifer stood up and walked toward her daughter. She picked up the baby doll from the floor, reached into the toy box for a pink blanket, and handed them to her daughter.

Jennifer had just picked up Lily, stood up with her in front of her, and settled into a chair when she knew Jennifer was still there.

Jennifer cradled her daughter in her arms and rocked her. She lifted Lily to eye level and hugged her tightly. “Honey, I’m so glad you stayed with Mommy. I’ve been worried about you ever since your daddy left, but I’m staying with you tonight. Your mommy needs your help.” Jennifer brushed a tear from her daughter’s cheek. “You stay with Mommy, sweetheart, and Mommy will take care of you.”

Lily sat up straight with interest and looked around their small living room. She was aware of all the changes that had taken place in the past few days. Every chair was empty, the sofa gone. The pictures on the mantel were gone as well. Jennifer had been so distracted she had forgotten to clean the room, but now she was glad Lily could see the emptiness for herself.

Jennifer pulled Lily to her lap and put her arms around her daughter’s shoulders. “Sweetheart, you remember your mommy telling you about a divorce? Well, your daddy and I are getting divorced. You won’t live with us anymore - not right now. Mama will look after you for awhile.”

Lily twisted around on Jennifer’s lap to look up into her eyes. Her dark brown eyes were full of concern and confusion. “But, but where will we live?”

“You and me, baby girl - just you and me. We have our own house now.” Jennifer laughed awkwardly, wiping away tears that had begun to form in her eyes again. “Mama has a new job, too.”

Lily was confused. She didn’t understand what Jennifer was saying. “Where are we going to live? We don’t have a house – not yet. Are we going to live in an apartment?”

Jennifer smiled, then took a deep breath before she filled them in. “No honey,” she began. “We bought our own house. You know how much I told you I wanted a backyard for the two of us? Well, I got it! We now live in a cul-de-sac, right by the park. It’s a real pretty neighborhood with lots of trees. We even have a swing in our front yard to play on.”

Lily was starting to understand what Jennifer was talking about, but something still didn’t add up. “Mama, I don’t understand. You said we were going to live at Grandma Jackie’s house.”

Lily sat up straight and looked at her mama with tear-filled eyes. “Can’t we go to Grandma Jackie? I like it there. What about the park? Can we still go to the park?”

Jennifer smiled, trying to hide her own tears. “Of course we can! We just don’t live in the same house anymore. We are still a family, just a different kind of family. I still love you as much as ever.”

Lily nodded and wiped her eyes. “I know, mama,” she started. “It’s just that I didn’t think daddy would do something like that. It was all so sudden, too. Now he won’t even talk to me.”

Jennifer put her arm around Lily and pulled her close. “He probably doesn’t know what to say. You should try talking to him some more. I bet he wants you as much as ever. It takes time to get used to the changes.”

Lily pulled away and looked at Jennifer with a questioning face. “What changes?” she asked, her tone turning sarcastic. “You mean when daddy sells the old house and mama moves out?”

Jennifer smiled. “Maybe we can still come over and visit,” she said, moving toward the door.

Jennifer opened the door and moved into the hallway. She turned back to look at her daughter and smiled warmly. “Yes! You can move in with me for a while,” she said, trying to sound optimistic. “I have a new job and you can go to the same school, and we’ll see how it goes. You might like living with me just as much.”

Lily shrugged. She had never liked change, but didn’t really have an opinion on this one way or another. “I guess so,” she said doubtfully. But her expression clearly showed her reluctance if Jennifer had looked closely enough.

Jennifer stepped out the door and walked down the stairs to the sidewalk below. The moving van was parked in front of her house, ready to take her furniture away. She turned back toward the side of the house and waved at her daughter, who was standing there with a group of children.

“Good-bye!” Jennifer called. Then she turned and moved to the front door across the street, where a middle-aged man stood waiting on the porch.

“Are you moving in?” the man asked.

“Yes, I am,” Jennifer answered. “You are moving out?”

“Yes, I am, too. You don’t look familiar. Are you moving to this neighborhood?”

“No, I moved from one street over, but I just started a new job and decided to move closer. Moving is such a hassle!”

The moving man laughed lightly. “I know what you mean. But at least it will be easier moving the rest of your stuff. Moving the big pieces is the worst part.”

“That’s true, but I want to move all my furniture to the new house today instead of dragging it here tomorrow and back again on Wednesday,” Jennifer said. “This way, I can unpack right away. Do you move furniture often?”

“Every couple of months. I moved a lot when I was younger, but now I prefer to stay in one place for years at a time. It saves me money, and it gives me more stability with my job. My wife prefers the same thing because moving is hard on the relationship. But it depends on our jobs. We move more when we get transferred to another city or state. Moving is such a hassle, but the longer you stay in one place the harder it is to move on short notice. It can be hard finding a new place if you have to move quickly.”

The moving man stopped and picked up a picture frame. He was looking at Jennifer’s pictures of Samantha and Theresa as children, then he replaced the frame on the wall.

“Yeah, we have two kids, so we may move again in the next few years,” Jennifer said. “But we probably won’t move for a while after this, unless my husband gets transferred again. He’s not getting any younger, so who knows? It’s just nice to not have to move right now. I need some stability after everything that has happened.”

The moving man smiled and nodded his head in agreement.

“Moving is a hassle, but at least you can choose where to put everything in the new place. I don’t move very often, but when I do, it is fun to rearrange my stuff and make the place feel more like home. Moving is definitely stressful though. It’s hard to make friends if you move too often because it takes people longer to get to know you.”

The moving man grunted in response.

“Some people move all the time, and have a different group of friends at each place they move to. That way, they don’t really have to make any new friends. They already have a group of friends waiting for them wherever they go. That way, they don’t have to go through what you just did. They can move quickly from one place to the next. Moving is easier that way, especially if you have a big family. You can’t move so quickly when you are only moving some of your things, or when you are just moving yourself. Moving can be really easy if you plan ahead. It can also be hard though if you don’t plan ahead, or things don’t go according to your plan. Moving can be a hassle and stressful at times, but it can also be a lot of fun. You just have to know how to dealwith moving stress and keep things from getting too overwhelming.”

Another moving man came out of the house. He carried a small wooden table and two dining chairs to a nearby truck.

The moving man, Jennifer, and the other moving men stood at the side of the house as they continued to load and unload boxes from the truck. They moved quickly but carefully, keeping the tables and couches from hitting the walls or scratching the floors. They managed to fit all of Jennifer’s furniture into her small SUV, which had been loaded to the roof with boxes only moments before.

“Don’t worry, my friend. Everyone has their own methods for moving. If you think it is the right way to do things, then you keep doing it that way. If you want to make sure that everything gets put into place exactly how you want it, then that is what you do. It’s all about figuring out how your mind works and what works best for you. As long as it keeps working and you don’t keep moving, then you have a good way of doing things!”

The moving men smiled and nodded at Jennifer. They moved to the back of the truck and finished loading all of the furniture. The moving men packed everything into the truck with incredible skill and expert timing.

Jennifer moved to the passenger’s side of the SUV and picked up her bags. She walked back to side the house and noticed that three of the moving men were busy carrying box after box into the house, while a fourth was watching them from side a doorway. The moving man turned to watch Jennifer get into the side of the SUV.

“Hey! Why don’t you move in with us? We have some extra space right now and it would be nice to have another girl around. You can move in with us for as long as you need to, and we can move you into a different room when someone else needs to move in. We’re moving into a huge apartment later on and we don’t know anyone else yet. We’ll make sure that you are taken care of, okay?”

Moving men moved to back of the truck, and got into their side. They drove off towards the other end of the block, moving their way through traffic. Moving men had already done their previous moves and were heading to side their next move. Moving men were moving a lot today and had many moves lined up.

Jennifer moved back to side the door and thought for a moment.

This is Side Bar. This is where Jennifer will make her decision regarding moving in with the three moving men.

“I don’t know,” she said. “It sounds like a lot of responsibility. I don’t want to be a burden.”

“Don’t worry about it, we can handle it. Just say yes and come with us!”

Jennifer thought for a moment longer and then made her decision.

“Yes, I’ll move in with you.