Jennifer Leighton was a middle-aged woman who worked as a secretary for an advertising agency. She had been married to her husband, Andrew, for fifteen years. He was also a man of the ad industry and was working in the same department. Jennifer had been coming home from work early some days and not telling Andrew where she had been going or what she had been doing. Several times, he had caught her talking to a man on her cell phone but he told himself that it was just friend that wanted to speak with her and soon stopped questioning it.

One Thursday night Jennifer came home to find Andrew in bed with his secretary, Rachel Saunders. He refused to admit to anything and told Jennifer that she was overreacting. He then walked out of the bedroom without waiting for her to pack her things and called his mother in Florida and asked her to come and help with Lily. When she arrived, Andrew said he really wanted Jennifer out of the house by the weekend but his mother had other ideas. She told him that it would take time to get rid of Jennifer and maybe it was better just to let her stay until Christmas when she could go back to her mother’s house or find a place of her own.Jennifer did not know what to do, but she knew she needed to stay strong for Lily. So when her mother-in-law came into the room and told her she hated to see anyone suffer as much as Jennifer did, Jennifer told her that she could leave without a fuss if she wanted. She said that it would be better if Linda left since everyone seemed to agree that Jennifer was a terrible person and what was the point of staying in a house where no one liked her. That night when Andrew came back from work, he apologized for how he had been acting towards Jennifer and told her that it was his mother’s fault and not hers. They went to sleep next to each other like nothing had ever happened, but in the middle of the night, Andrew woke up to find that his mother had taken his clothes out of the closet and taken all of his belongings out of the drawers. He was told by his mother that he should pack up while there was still enough light out so he could see what he needed, but Andrew pushed her out of the way and started throwing things on the floor. That is when Linda put him into a choke hold so she could finish packing up his clothes herself.Andrew was unable to breathe and he told Jennifer that Linda had gone too far and that he needed to call the police. He said that he hoped she would be punished for what she had done, but Jennifer told him that the police would not have believed him if he tried to report his mother for assault because of the reputation they had of being a family of bullies.

Lily was crying and telling her parents that she wanted to go home, but Jennifer told her that they were not going anywhere because Andrew wanted her to stay with them for Christmas. Jennifer did not want Lily to see how awful her father was treating their mother because it would just confuse her more. When Lily’s grandparents came in the next morning with a cake for Lily’s birthday, Andrew refused to let Jennifer’s mother have it unless she apologized to Jennifer. She said that she would only do that if Andrew promised to leave Jennifer alone for the rest of the weekend, but he said that he would not be able to control himself if his wife was present and Jennifer’s mother went back upstairs and closed the door behind her.

     In order for Jennifer to get Andrew back into bed, she had to tell him that she would do whatever he wanted herto do. She knew that he was bluffing because there was no way that Andrew could have possibly gotten his secretary to come over while she was still at work.

Andrew told Jennifer that if she did not follow his orders, he would make sure that their daughter never saw her parents together again. He said that he was counting on Jennifer to be a good mother for Lily even though he knew that she hated him so much and thought of him as a monster. He wanted Jennifer to promise that she would never reveal the truth about what happened between them and how much she hated him in front of their daughter.

Jennifer told Andrew that she would keep all of their secrets, but Andrew said that he knew what Lily had heard from listening to them argue and say hurtful things about one another. He said that their daughter had heard her parents say everything they had ever said to one another and Andrew wanted Jennifer to promise never to use their daughter to hurt him the way that he knew she wanted to.
Jennifer promised Andrew that they would have a better relationship with one another if only he would accept responsibility for what he had done. He said that nothing was wrong between them, but Jennifer said that it was because everything in their life was wrong and that Andrew needed to stopblaming her for everything. Jennifer said that she did not blame him for failing his mother with her Alzheimer disease, but Andrew blamed it all on Jennifer, saying that he had been a better son if only she had done more to help.

Andrew then begged Jennifer not to reveal any of his secrets, and Jennifer said that he had no secrets from her because she knew everything about him. She threatened to turn the radio up loud enough so that Lily would hear everything as it happened. Andrew told Jennifer to do whatever she felt was best for their daughter, but Jennifer said that she would never do anything like that and then asked Andrew to promise her once again that he would never use Lily in order to hurt her.

Andrew promised Jennifer once again not to use Lily in that manner and then added that he knew she had done things of her own accord because of how much money she had spent traveling and buying clothes. He said that there was not enough money to cover the debt on all of the credit cards, and he threatened to take Lily away from Jennifer if she continued with her spending habits. He also told Jennifer that she would never be able to go back to the University because they could no longer afford it. He said that he had been planning on sending her back asa matter of fact.

Jennifer tried to remind Andrew that Lily was just a child and that she was not interested in clothing or traveling; she was only interested in her father and her mother. Andrew argued that it was Jennifer who had ruined everything by refusing to listen to him.

Andrew then left the bedroom, and Jennifer walked into the hall to take a call from one of the neighbors. She spoke to him about what had happened, and he said that he knew how much pain she was in because he had been through it himself. He told her not to let go of herself completely, and then asked why she did not just leave Andrew altogether. Jennifer said that Lily needed a father, and then asked the neighbor if she knew where Rachel was now staying. The neighbor knew where Rachel was staying but said that it was probably best for Jennifer to leave Andrew alone because Rachel would only continue hurting her if Jennifer confronted her personally.

Jennifer hung up the phone and went back into the bedroom, expecting Lily to be playing with the toys that were in there to entertain her while she was away. She walked into the room and saw that Lily had left the room and was in an upstairs bedroom trying to open a door. Jennifer asked Lily what she was doing, andLily told her that she was looking for her father and the other woman. Jennifer calmed Lily down by telling her to go back downstairs and play with the toys until Andrew came home so that they could talk about what had happened.

Jennifer sat down beside Lily on the bed and tried to make herself as small as possible so that she would not scare her daughter. She tried to draw Lily into a conversation about what had happened between Andrew and Rachel, but Lily would not talk about it and kept asking Jennifer why her father had left them alone in the house. Jennifer thought that it was time for her to say goodbye, but when she stood up to leave Lily hugged her legs and said that she did not want Jennifer to go. Jennifer then decided not to leave after all because Lily seemed so young, helpless, and confused by what had happened. She also believed that Andrew was not coming back because he did not care about either of them anymore.

Lily played with the toys for a while longer until she wanted to go upstairs again to try and get her father. Jennifer told her that she could not go into Andrew’s room, but Lily broke free of Jennifer’s grip and ran back into the bedroom. She opened the door, saw Andrew in bed, and screamed.

Jennifer ran into the room and picked Lily up off the floor. She helped her back into her chair and cleaned up the toys that had fallen out of it during the commotion. When Jennifer turned around Lily had gone back upstairs again.

Jennifer heard Lily’s voice from upstairs as she started to cry, so Jennifer went up to comfort her daughter. When she got to the top of the stairs Lily was standing on a chair, still crying helplessly, and pointing at the bed.

Jennifer tried to calm Lily down, but she would not listen to anything that anyone said to her. She just kept pointing at the bed, saying, “There they are! There they are!”

Andrew and Rachel exited the room, still dressed in their pajamas. They were trying to put on their clothes as quickly as possible while Rachel was complaining about how late they were going to be for their golf game because of the interruption. They then walked out of the house without even looking back at Jennifer or Lily.

As soon as Andrew and Rachel were gone, Jennifer scooped up Lily from the chair and took her back downstairs with her. Jennifer sat down on the couch with Lily on her lap and triedto tell her that everything was okay now.

It took a little longer than usual, but eventually Lily stopped crying. She told Jennifer that she was afraid Lily would do the same thing the next time she got in trouble for something. She asked Jennifer if she had ever been afraid of that happening to her.

Jennifer told Lily that she had never thought about it before because she had already had Lily when he got married. Andrew and Jennifer had gotten married in a civil ceremony shortly after they graduated from college, but they were able to have a church wedding a year later on New Year’s Eve.

Lily started crying again, so Jennifer hugged her, and told Lily that everything was going to be okay as long as she had Jennifer to take care of her. Lily calmed down and asked if they could take out the puzzle that was in the box, so Jennifer told her yes and got it from upstairs.

At first, it was hard for Lily to concentrate because she kept asking what they should do next. After a while she finally got interested in the puzzle, though. It was a picture of a cityscape at night with skyscrapers all lit up against the black sky. Lily helped put together most of one building before she gotbored and was finished with it.

Jennifer didn’t like puzzles, but she felt that she had to keep Lily occupied until Andrew and Rachel got back. She helped Lily put away the puzzle, then they ate dinner. After they finished eating, Jennifer told Lily to go wash her hands so that they could get ready for bed.

Lily wanted some water, so Jennifer told her to go downstairs and get it from the sink. Jennifer tried to listen for the sound of their car starting up and then leaving, but she couldn’t hear anything. She thought about going downstairs herself just in case it was already too late, but decided that she had better not in case Andrew and Rachel were already gone when Lily got back. She didn’t want Lily to have to see them leave again.

 *

Andrew and Rachel got out of the car a short time later, and then Andrew carried his duffel bag into the house. When he went into the kitchen, his mother was standing at the sink washing dishes.

“Where’s Lily?” he asked. “Is she in bed already?”

Mrs. Leighton turned to face him, and he could see from theexpression on her face that something was wrong. She had a guilty look on her face, and she began shaking her head as though she couldn’t find the words to tell him what was going on.

Andrew looked at his mother for a few moments before he realized that something serious had happened. He walked over to Mrs. Leighton and put his hand on her shoulder. “Mom? What is it? What’s wrong?”

Mrs. Leighton looked at him and began shaking her head slowly again. She looked as though she had something important that she wanted to say, but then she shook her head again and sighed in frustration. Mr. Leighton walked out of the room, and Andrew put his arm around his mother as though he were trying to comfort her.

He didn’t know what to say, so he simply asked her if she wanted him to go upstairs and check on Lily. She shook her head no, and then said that she had something else that she wanted to tell him before his mother went upstairs with Rachel. He took his hand off of Mrs. Leighton’s shoulder because he didn’t want her to feel uncomfortable about what she was about to say, but thenhe looked at her again and said that she didn’t need to go anywhere.

Mrs. Leighton looked at him as though she were having trouble trying to find the words, but then she took a deep breath and began speaking. She told Andrew that he should sit down, and then she told him that the reason why Mrs. Leighton had come over was because Jennifer had never returned home from work that night, and she wanted to know if Rachel knew where she was.

Andrew’s heart dropped into his stomach as his parents exchanged a look with one another. He wanted to be angry with her for not returning home that night when she promised him that she would, but he felt guilty about being angry with her because of everything that had happened recently.

Mr. Leighton said they should call the police, and Andrew nodded in agreement. Mr. Leighton picked up the phone as Andrew began pacing around the living room. He wanted to ask them what was wrong, but he knew that his mother would tell him when they were ready for him to know. After a few minutes, Mrs. Leighton hung up the phone and said she was going to go over to the house where Jennifer worked and ask for some information from her boss so thatshe could call the police.

Andrew stood up and went over to Linda before she left, telling her that he was going to go with her so that he could make sure that Jennifer was safe. She hugged him tightly before leaving and told him that he should stay here until he heard from her. Andrew wished his father a good night before opening the door and going outside.

He looked around the neighborhood, looking for signs of his wife or any news about where she might be. After a few minutes, he saw Linda’s car pull up in front of the house with Jennifer’s boss driving it. Andrew walked down the sidewalk towards them as they talked on their cell phones, and he heard Linda ask for more information about Jennifer.

When the car pulled up to the curb, Andrew opened the door and got in with Linda. As soon as he was settled in, Linda began talking to him about what had happened at Jennifer’s work. She explained that she had just gotten off of the phone with Jennifer’s boss, who informed her that Jennifer left during lunch time without telling anyone where she was going.

Andrew thought about all of the times when he and Lily were on theirway to school or when they went to stay with their grandparents and Jennifer was in the house alone. He started thinking about how easy it could have been for someone to sneak in and take some of her things.

Linda thanked him for coming to see her, and they talked about when she could come back over again. As soon as Linda pulled away from the curb, she and Andrew began talking about Jennifer’s whereabouts again, trying to figure out where she might be. He tried his best to explain what he knew about Jennifer, but they had no idea where she might be or what could have happened to her.

Andrew tried to stay calm while he waited for his parents to arrive at the house with his grandparents but soon realized that he needed a way to relax so that he could think more clearly about Jennifer’s disappearance. He tried his best to remember what happened after she left for work and everything else that had happened during the day, from when she came home until now.

He remembered watching television when he heard a knock on the door and turned to see his parents standing on the porch. He went over to open it, greeted them both, and showed them inside. The three of them sat together in the living room while Andrew’s mother and father told him about what they had discovered that morning. Then Andrew’s parents asked if they could talk to him alone for a minute.

They told him that after calling Jennifer’s boss, Mrs. Leighton, they found out who Jennifer was going to meet that night. She had called a cab around 8 pm and was going to ride over to some guy’s house, Chris something or other, and have dinner with him. They also said that it seemed like Jennifer had been spending a lot of time at Chris’s house lately and they were even considering moving out.

While talking with his parents, Andrew realized that he hadn’t said anything out loud about what happened last night, but then again, he also hadn’t thought about Jennifer coming home all day. Once his parents had left, Andrew called Mrs. Leighton to ask if she could suggest any reasons for why Jennifer might have left and she told him that there were some rumors going around about Jennifer and Chris, but she didn’t know exactly what they were because she had been sick all week. She promised to get back to him as soon as possible with whatever information she could find out about Jennifer’s whereabouts.