    Valerie Marx woke and found herself lying on the concrete floor of a dank basement.

The room stank of rotting things and mold. She smelled urine, feces, and other noisome bodily fluids. Valerie turned on her side to see how she was tied. Her wrists were fastened behind her back with a dirty twine and her ankles and knees were also fastened with twine, but she could not recognize the material. She tried to move, but the bindings were too tight. Valerie was in a small dark room, and there was no visible window, only a rectangular slit that appeared to be a basement door. She strained against her bindings, trying to get free.

Valerie felt a light touch on her left foot, above the ankle. The touch made her skin crawl. There was a bump on the sole of her foot and it seemed to be digging into Valerie’s flesh. She pulled back her foot quickly in revulsion and found herself in a sharp twist of darkness. She rolled over on her back, trying to reach her right foot, but the darkness was too thick. Valerie realized she was in a blindfold of some sort. She could see nothing except a dark blur at the periphery of her vision. Valerie began to feel faint and realized she was beginning to lose consciousness. She pulled herself up on all fours, determined not to fall unconscious. She found that she was beginning to run out of air; the basement stank with a particular pungency that made her throat burn.

She felt along the wall, but hit something hard before her hand reached what she was searching for. There was a faint hum of electricity, and suddenly Valerie felt hot pain and prickling all over her body. She screamed at the top of her lungs, hoping someone would hear her. Valerie pushed herself along the ground, trying to escape the pain. She found that her hands were now free, but she still had her feet tied together.

Valerie pushed herself back along the ground as fast as she could, feeling around with her feet for anything that might be useful. She ran into something hard yet yielding. Valerie realized it was a door. She pushed the door open and stumbled out of the small room, into a larger one with cement walls. She tried to open her eyes and realized her hands were still bound.

Valerie tried to free herself frantically but found that she couldn’t break the binds, even though her hands were numb from struggling so hard.

She heard a shuffling noise and then a quiet click upstairs. Valerie panicked and struggled harder, but all she could hear for a moment was the dull sound of her own desperate breathing. Then she heard shuffling downstairs again, and then a loud, heavy thump as something big dropped to the floor above Valerie. She could hear the footsteps of whoever it was run down stairs, and she realized that whoever it was had managed to find her and was hunting her in the basement. Valerie started to panic, trying desperately to escape from her binds. She began kicking at the basement walls, trying to find something useful.

Valerie suddenly felt a sharp pain on the back of her legs and realized she had found something useful. She had managed to find a box of tools, which included some wire cutters. She started to cut through her binds.

As she struggled to free herself, Valerie heard a soft thud behind her and turned around. She saw two doors in the corner of the room, and as she stared at them they both snapped shut with a loud hiss. Valerie knew there was no way out of the room. She decided to smash a window, hoping that it would allow her to escape. She reached for the closest brick and swung it with all her might at the glass, breaking a bit of it but not enough to make a hole. Valerie dropped the brick and looked around for another. She saw some cinder blocks stacked up against the wall, and she grabbed one before dropping it on the window. It shattered loudly, and Valerie could see the bright sky through it. Then she heard footsteps behind her again and knew that she needed to escape quickly before the killer caught her.

Valerie ran over to the window and took a look outside. The window was too high for her to reach, and she had no choice but to try the doors. She walked over to one of them and tried to open it, but it was locked. Valerie reached for the other door only to find it also locked tight. She opened her mouth to scream but found a long gag in her mouth. Valerie tried once again to open the door, but it would not budge. She found a small window in the upper corner and looked through it. It was too small for her to fit through.

Valerie found a small vent near the window, and she stuck her head inside of it just as someone started to come down the stairs. She saw a set of keys on top of one of the boxes that were all around the basement, and she started to search until she found one with a keychain that said: John Doe in bold letters. Valerie quickly grabbed the keys and darted forward, only to find another solid door in front of her.

She once again tried the key and found that it would not open this door either. Valerie slid down to the floor of the basement and started to cry. She was trapped in a basement with an insane murderer, and she had no idea what he would do to her next. She closed her eyes, and she could hear the footsteps coming toward her. She tightened up and prepared herself as the door opened.

The killer ran at Valerie, but she evaded his grasp by rolling out of the way. He kicked her in the side of the head, knocking her to the ground once again. He picked her up by the neck and slammed her down on a nearby table. Valerie’s body went limp as she struggled to breathe.

He moved to his right side of the basement, where he had placed Valerie’s lifeless body. He placed his hands on her stomach and began to press in, feeling her ribs pop from his pressure. Valerie grabbed the table with both hands and screamed in pain.

“Who are you? I don’t know who you are, put me down!” Valerie yelled, but John Doe ignored her cries and continued to feel her up.

“You have to escape, and you have to do it before dawn. You know that, don’t you? That’s how this game works. You have to escape before dawn or else I will begin taking your life away piece by piece.” John said, his voice thick and ominous.

Valerie continued to scream as she felt her body being violated. She gritted her teeth and forced herself to stand again, using the table for support.

John Doe looked at the young woman and smiled. He was about to say something when he heard a noise come from upstairs. He quickly stood up and grabbed Valerie by the throat, strangling her with his bare hands.

“What are you doing? Put me down!” Valerie screamed, but she could only manage weak coughs.

She tried to thrash around in an attempt to loosen his grip, but John Doe was strong. He looked at Valerie with contempt and said, “I want to make this clear to you. You have a head start, and it’s your best chance of getting out of here alive. But if you don’t get out before dawn, then I will come after you myself and give you a head start of your own – head to my chopping block.”

John Doe let go of Valerie’s throat and walked over to the steps. He turned around and gave the young woman one last cold look before he went upstairs.

Valerie looked at the basement steps for a brief moment, hoping that John Doe would come down and finish her off. She saw the cellar door start to open, but it was too late; John Doe had left her alone with the sun just beginning to rise from the horizon.

Valerie shakily reached underneath her and felt for the door handle. She turned around and ran up the steps, falling over in her haste to get away from the basement. She ran into John Doe’s living room, which was now adorned with blood-stained sheets on the walls and blackened photographs that once showed his happy family, and she ran into the bedroom where his wife and children used to sleep until they were ripped away by his psychotic hands.

Valerie saw her chance to escape when John Doe came back into the house – he had gone upstairs to change his bloody clothes – and she took off through the front door, which slammed shut behind her.

John Doe opened the door, ready to chase after Valerie. He stopped when she ran down the steps of the front porch and disappeared around the corner. She was running straight into oncoming traffic, but John Doe did not care. He only cared about one thing, and Valerie knew that there was no way for her to escape now.

“Valerie Marx,” he said to himself while waving a meat cleaver in her direction. “I think it’s time for you to die.”

Valerie stopped running when she saw John Doe, her only avenue of escape blocked off by the vicious murderer. She tried to run towards the nearest house, but John Doe began his slow and torturous approach towards her.

John Doe came closer and closer until he was standing right in front of Valerie. Valerie did not try to fight John Doe because she knew he could easily overpower her. She knew that John Doe was going to use his meat cleaver to chop off her head, and just as he swung the blade down towards her neck, she closed her eyes and prepared for death.

Valerie opened her eyes when she felt the meat cleaver swing down towards her neck, which meant that John Doe had not killed her yet. He was about to do so, but something made him stop, and he put the meat cleaver down on the ground, instead of killing Valerie.

Valerie got up from the ground, wiping the blood off her neck and looking at John Doe with an angry and hurt expression on her face. “Why’d you let me go?” she asked angrily. “I told you I wanted to end my life. You promised me that if I escaped before sunrise you wouldn’t come after me. Why didn’t you keep your promise? Where is the man who was going to let me die in peace?”

At that moment, Valerie saw a knife on the floor, and she quickly picked it up and pointed it towards her own throat, trying to scare John Doe into believing that she was going to kill herself right then and there. “Where is he?” she asked menacingly. “I don’t see him anywhere! He must be dead!”

John Doe was scared for a moment, but then he remembered that Valerie Marx was just an actress, and he knew that she wasn’t going to actually kill herself. Instead, John Doe would have killed her himself if she had actually done it, and then he would have spent the rest of his life in prison. Valerie Marx had used her acting skills to get him to let her go. He knew that she was pretending to be a suicidal person because he had told her that he would let her escape before sunrise if she did. John Doe knew that Valerie was bluffing because he didn’t think that she was really going to kill herself just for the sake of getting away from him.

John Doe quickly tried to disarm Valerie by taking the knife out of her hand, but she had already pulled it away from her neck and was ready to attack him. For a brief moment, John Doe thought about trying to get Valerie into a headlock and controlling her with his legs. He had done that trick to five other women, and it always worked out well even when he couldn’t find a weapon. It was too late for John Doe to make a move though because Valerie Marx had already started running towards the door, and she made a tight left turn as soon as she reached the stairs.

John Doe had thought that he would have been able to see Valerie Marx from the side of the house before then, but he had been wrong about that. There was no one in sight when Valerie ran away from him. This was a bad situation for Valerie because John Doe knew that she was in trouble. Her chances of surviving the night were slim to none, and John Doe had no intention of letting her get away with her life, so he decided that there was no point in following her.

Valerie Marx had successfully escaped from John Doe, but she wasn’t safe yet because he could catch up with her at any moment. The police were just around the corner, and she was walking towards them even though she didn’t see them. It only took a few minutes for her to reach the police station since it was only a block away from her house, but John Doe could have easily caught up with her by then if he was able to move as fast as he did before, which would allow him to be close enough to kill her when she reached the police station.

Valerie Marx did not see the police when she arrived at the station because they were around a corner and around a car. This was good for John Doe because he had less of a chance of being spotted by them as long as he kept moving to the right side of the police station. It was also good for him because it gave him more time to think about what should be done next.

The police station might have been safe for Valerie, but it was not a safe place for John Doe to be because they would be able to easily see him if he went inside. They might have also been able to find out who he was from the information that he left behind in the basement. If they were able to do that, then he might have ended up being under more suspicion than before. Because of those reasons, it was better for him to just keep running for now and wait until things cooled off before taking another victim.

If Valerie Marx walked inside the police station, then she would be safe from John Doe for now because the police would surround her and keep her from harm. On the other hand, Valerie did not want to go into the police station because she had more important places to go.

Male Celebrity A was not at the police station when Valerie Marx arrived there because he had gone to Valerie’s house to make sure she was safe. When Valerie arrived at her house, Male Celebrity A was already there. He took Valerie inside her house and locked the door so that John Doe could not get in. Male Celebrity A talked with Valerie while they were inside her home and comforted her as she went through what had just happened to her.

Valerie was glad when Male Celebrity A arrived because she had been starting to feel alone and scared after moving house and changing jobs. She explained everything that happened in the basement to Male Celebrity A, including how she got there and why she was moving house. She told Male Celebrity A how scared she had been and how she was moving house because of the situation with John Doe, but also because her old apartment building was right next to an old graveyard. Valerie was in a bad way because moving house like that would make anyone feel alone, and she needed someone to support her through that kind of ordeal.

Male Celebrity A listened to everything Valerie said without saying anything for a long time. After he finished listening, he said that Valerie had done a brave thing when she went into the basement to confront John Doe.

Male Celebrity A was very happy when he heard what Valerie had done. He did not think it would be brave to visit a murderer in a dark basement, but Male Celebrity A knew that Valerie had wanted to do that and was happy that she did.

Male Celebrity A told Valerie that she was very brave because she had stood up to the killer after waking up tied up, without being able to move or speak. He said that it was a very scary thing to do, but she had done it and was safe now.

Valerie Marx was happy to hear what Male Celebrity A said. It made her feel better about herself and the situation.