Valerie woke up in a cramped space, bound at the wrists and ankles.
    She was on her back, but couldn’t see anything with her eyes blinded by duct tape.
    Her face was covered by a rag that smelled of gasoline and other chemicals.
    A damp, musty smell permeated the air around her.
    The floor was concrete and very cold to the touch.

She could make out a shape in front of her that reminded her of a coffin, but with the top cut off.

   She was shivering when she heard someone breathing heavily next to her.
   The sound made Valerie’s muscles tighten and she felt like she would scream at any moment.
   Her heart started pumping faster as her brain tried to make sense of what was happening.
   Whoever this person was, they had her tied up and possibly drugged, but they hadn’t killed her.
   Yet.

   She heard the sound of air being forced through clenched teeth and knew that the person next to her was in as much pain as she was.
   The person moved around and Valerie felt something sharp pokeher in the neck, but it wasn’t enough to break skin.
   Then she heard a voice, muffled by the duct tape, say “Be quiet or I’ll cut you.”
   It sounded like a man and he was obviously not very happy.

   Valerie managed to calm down somewhat and listen more closely to what was happening around her.

   The basement had only one window with iron bars on it, covered in rust.
   It looked like no one had been down there in many years. The room was completely empty except for the casket-like object next to Valerie, a wooden folding chair and a small table.
   The ceiling wasn’t very high, just enough to let the light from above pass through and not much more.

The man paced around in front of her for several minutes before he came back into view. He was tall, with olive skin and black hair that hung down on his forehead. He had a small beard, but the rest of his face was clean shaven. It looked like he had done a lot of running recently; his face was flushed and his shirt damp with sweat.He started untaping her and she tried hard not to cry out.

“I don’t want to hurt you,” he said as he pulled off the tape from her mouth and then took off the duct tape around her wrists. “But I’m going to have to if you don’t stop screaming. Do you understand?” She just nodded. “Good,” he said with a sigh of relief, “I hate hurting women. They always seem to make such a fuss about it.”

   The man looked around for something to use as a gag and when he found it, he took out one of Valerie’s earrings and put it in her mouth so she couldn’t scream or try to run away.

   “I’m not going to hurt you,” he reassured again, “but I need you to be quiet for just a little bit longer. I promise I’ll let you go as soon as we get there.”

Valerie nodded again and waited patiently for him to untie the ropes around her ankles. He told her that his name was John and that they were going to driveher somewhere she didn’t want to go, but he didn’t say where. When the ropes were finally free, Valerie took a deep breath and said that she was ready to go. She could tell by the look on his face that he was also relieved.

The man put on a pair of rubber gloves and picked up her handbag, which had been just inside the front door of the building, and handed it to Valerie. He then led her through the hallway of the house and out into a car parked in front of it. When Valerie got into the passenger side, he closed her door and told her to buckle up, which she did after looking at him quizzically for a moment. He gave her something else to think about by pulling out a gun and aiming it at her head.

   “Please don’t hurt me,” she said in such a shaky voice that John turned the gun away from her face and put it down on the dashboard instead. Tears were coming to Valerie’s eyes. Before she knew what was happening, he grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head back until it was resting against his shoulder, then took a deep breath and put his lips next to her ear.“Listen here, you little snot. You need to be nice and quiet for about half an hour or so, okay? We got some business to take care of upstairs.”

Valerie nodded her head and said “Okay,” but she didn’t know what else to say. John leaned over and pulled the duct tape off of her mouth. He started to push open her car door, but Valerie stopped him by reaching for the door handle. John pushed harder this time, so hard that she actually fell out of the car onto the pavement. She quickly got back inside as John got in behind the wheel and started up the engine.

She had just buckled up when he put the car in reverse and backed out of his driveway. He told her to keep still as they drove, which she did, not knowing where they were going or what would happen to her after that. Two minutes later, he stopped the car in front of a building without any windows. He turned off the engine and got out of the car, leaving Valerie there alone with her thoughts, which caused tears to come streaming down her cheeks again.

   No more than fifteen minutes had passed when Valerie heard footsteps coming closer, aswell as the sound of something heavy being dragged across the floor. She was lying on her side and tried to curl up into a ball, but had nowhere to go. The footsteps stopped near her left side, and she heard something being placed on the ground. She closed her eyes tightly, trying to hold back a scream, and waited for John Doe to come back. The footsteps began moving again and moved towards the basement door. They became even louder and more frequent until they abruptly stopped, followed by the sound of a bolt sliding across a lock.

Then it got quiet. Very quiet. Valerie opened her eyes only to see that the light in the room was on, and she could see John Doe standing up at the top of the stairs, holding a very large hunting knife in his right hand. He told her to stay still and walked down the stairs slowly, making sure to drag his feet a bit so he would make noise. When he got about halfway down the stairs, he raised one arm and made a stabbing motion towards Valerie’s head with the knife. She screamed and tried to curl even tighter into a ball, but it was too late; she felt the sharp blade slice across her throat just barely missing her jugular vein. Blood poured out ofthe sliced wound as she lost consciousness, collapsing onto her side and sliding down to the cold concrete floor.

John Doe climbed down the rest of the stairs quickly and knelt beside Valerie’s head. His eyes were filled with a mixture of bloodlust and rage that frightened Valerie even more than his knife had. He dragged Valerie up off the ground and moved her onto her stomach, where he quickly duct taped her wrists together behind her back and then to a pipe near the corner of the room. Valerie again lost consciousness as John Doe left the room with no sign of returning.

 At long last, Valerie woke up again. She was still lying on her stomach on the concrete floor, but this time without being bound or gagged. She could tell that it was daylight outside because she could see through a small crack in one of the duct tape strips that covered her eyes. The space under her cheek still throbbed from the deep wound John Doe had inflicted, but it felt much better than it had last night.

Valerie slowly rolled over onto her back and lay there for a moment, trying to decide what to do. She knew it would be in her best interests to try and escape while John Doe was still gone, but she didn’tknow how far away he was or when he would be returning. Valerie decided that there was nothing for it: she had to take her chances and run for it.

Taking several deep breaths, she began to work on the duct tape that held her wrists together. It took some effort and persistence, but eventually she got it unwrapped enough so that she could slip her hands out of the strips without tearing them all off. With the tape mostly off, Valerie then moved onto trying to get out of the duct tape that had been wrapped around her mouth.

Valerie struggled with the strip of duct tape covering her mouth for a few minutes before finally tearing it loose from her face. As soon as she did, Valerie started screaming for help at the top of her lungs. The sound echoed around from every direction, bouncing off the walls and concrete floor and off neighboring buildings in all directions.  Valerie didn’t care if anyone heard or not—she would be damned if she was going to let John Doe kill her down here without putting up a fight.

While Valerie continued to scream for help, John slowly made his way back down into the basement from his room on the second floor. His eyes were wild and his face was twisted into a feralexpression of sheer rage. Valerie watched as he slowly made his way towards her, with the knife in one hand and a metal baseball bat in the other.

When he reached her, Valerie could tell by the look in John’s eyes that he was intent on killing her. And there was no possible way that she could fight him off—she was weak and injured after her recent brush with death at his hands only an hour earlier. With John just inches away from her, Valerie knew that there was nothing she could do to fight him off and survive this time around.

Out of desperation, Valerie kicked out as hard as she could with her right foot, hitting John square in the groin. He doubled over in pain and let go of the knife. Valerie quickly reached down and picked up the metal bat before John could recover enough to notice what she had done. She swung it hard with as much force as possible at the side of John’s head as he was recovering from her kick.

The sound of the bat hitting John’s skull was sickeningly loud, but at least it stunned him long enough for Valerie to make her getaway and escape to safety. As soon as she got out of the basement door, Valerie ranat full speed until she reached the highway. But as soon as she stepped out onto the road, John was there waiting for her, knife in hand.

He pulled her back into the basement where he proceeded to tie her up again and gag her with duct tape. Then he took Valerie over to a large wooden table and tied her arms and legs to it in a spreader bar fashion. He secured the table so that Valerie couldn’t move at all while he left the basement and went upstairs. As soon as he was gone, Valerie tried to loosen her restraints as quickly as possible.

Valerie heard a car pull into the driveway outside, one that sounded suspiciously like John’s car. She had no idea what time it was, but knew that she could not stay in the basement much longer or she would be killed by morning if John found her still alive. She needed to escape now before he returned to find her missing from the basement.

Valerie tried pulling against the restraints with every last ounce of strength she had, but it was no use. She needed to find a way out of here now before it was too late. When she looked around, Valerie noticed that there were various implements hanging by strings from the ceiling withhooks on them. She first grabbed a wrench and tried to pull on her restraints, but it just snapped in half. Undeterred, Valerie then moved to a saw hanging from the ceiling and began sawing at her restraints with it. It took her over twenty minutes to cut through all of the ropes holding her down, but she eventually managed to do so and escape.

Valerie staggered out of the basement and made a break for John’s car. She was exhausted and had been running for over an hour now, but she knew that if she stopped now then John would kill her. All she could think about was John catching up to her and killing her right in front of the house where anyone could see. She just kept on running.

John returned home from work at midnight and went downstairs to find Valerie gone. He searched all over the house before finally finding her car parked outside near the back door. John went outside to see if he could find any clues as to where Valerie had run off to, but he came up empty-handed. He began walking through the woods behind the house, hoping he would run into Valerie before she got too far away.

The further she ran from John’s home, the faster Valerie became. Despite her exhaustion, she pushed herself to run even faster so that she could put more distance between herself and John. Her legs burned and her muscles screamed in pain, but she refused to stop running. She finally stumbled onto a dirt road where she collapsed into the grassy ditch on the side of the road.

Valerie briefly considered giving up and waiting for John to catch up with her, but then she thought about what he would do to her when he found her. She refused to live like that, so Valerie forced herself back onto her feet and started running again. When she reached a small bridge on the road, she noticed a large dirt mound on the other side of it and ran straight for it. She dove into the mound and hid herself in its shadows, hoping that she could stay hidden from John until he gave up looking for her.

Valerie stayed hidden at the spot for a few hours before finally peaking her head out. She looked around the area to get her bearings and noticed some nearby lights coming from an abandoned warehouse not far from where she was hiding. She crawled out of the ditch and ran toward it, knowing that if she could stay there then it would keep John away from her at least until morning.She reached the warehouse and noticed that there was an open door which provided a pathway into the building. Valerie cautiously entered and closed the door behind her, then moved quickly to investigate where she was. She had never been in an abandoned warehouse before, but it reminded her of what she imagined a horror movie set might look like. There were broken pieces of machinery scattered throughout the building, and each piece had a small light by it that shone in the darkness of the night. The lights provided enough light for Valerie to see everything, but they made her feel even more vulnerable than before because she felt that if anything happened to them then she wouldn’t be able to escape.

When Valerie was sure that it was safe, she began to look around the building for a place to hide and rest, but she could only find dangerous-looking places that had no more cover than the open warehouse floor. Valerie finally spotted a set of stairs leading into what looked like a giant loft above her, so she ran up the stairs as fast as she could without making any noise. Her heart began to beat faster when she realized that if anyone was in the warehouse then they would have heard her running up the stairs. She pushed open a door when she reached the top of thestairs and stared inside for a few seconds before allowing herself to enter.

The room was huge and completely empty, except for a single large bed in the middle. The floor was covered with fluffy black carpeting, and there were small tables on either side of the bed which still had glass atop them. Valerie walked across the room and sat down on one of the chairs at one of these tables. She leaned forward and rested her arms on the table, then closed her eyes for a few minutes to take some deep breaths. Her brain was functioning again after running from John Doe all night, so she decided that it was best to start figuring out how she could escape.

Valerie’s eye caught something shiny in the darkness behind one of the chairs, so she walked over to investigate what it was. She pulled back a chair and sat down on it, then leaned over to pick up what turned out to be a cell phone. There was no number listed on the screen, but there were three missed calls from “Dad”.

Valerie wanted to return the phone to its owner, but she had no idea who he or she was. She decided that it would be best to call him and see if they could meet up somewhere sothat Valerie could return the phone. Valerie called the number, but there was no answer. She left a voicemail saying that she had found his/her phone and would return it at any time, but still no answer.

Valerie decided to take a risk and call the last number in the list of missed calls: “Male Celebrity A”. He answered after only two rings, and gave Valerie directions to his house in Los Angeles. Valerie thanked him for his help, then hung up. She kept the phone on her lap for a few minutes before deciding that she should go pack some of her things in case she would have to stay somewhere else for a while.

There was only one thing of clothing in the bathroom, which surprised Valerie. She didn’t want to leave the house naked, so she decided to just go without clothes for the time being.

Valerie took several pairs of panties and socks from her luggage and put them on the floor before putting her suitcase on top of them. She did not close her suitcase because she wanted to make sure that John Doe would not find it when he was searching for her later on. Valerie also left a pair of shoes outside the bathroom door in case she needed to run out ofthe house later on.

Valerie then went into the bedroom and tried to figure out how to travel from Vegas to Los Angeles without any money. She didn’t have an ID or a car, so there was no way for her to drive there herself, and she didn’t think John Doe would be willing to pay for her bus ticket.

She noticed that there were several newspapers in the living room, so she grabbed one of them and started reading. Most of the article was about her disappearance, but at the bottom of the article it said that “John Doe is still at large and considered dangerous.”

Valerie wondered why they had referred to him as “John Doe” instead of calling him by his real name. She looked through the rest of the articles for clues, but didn’t find any more about him or anything that could help her escape.

Valerie then went into John Doe’s office where he had been recording his “work”. He had an old laptop computer set up with a camera pointing at a chair in front of it so the viewers could see what he was doing. Valerie noticed that there was still a folder on his desktop labelled “Valerie”, so she opened it up and found out exactly what he had been doing to her all this time.

The folder had photos of her in various stages of undress, a few videos, and several other documents. The videos were the worst because they showed John Doe raping her over and over again while she laid in exactly the same position. They had taken place in his car and her own apartment, so there were several different places where they had occurred.

Valerie watched the first video that was labeled “Day 1” and couldn’t believe how much pain John Doe had put her through. After watching the first video, she turned on the laptop’s webcam to record herself crying after seeing all of John Doe’s evidence against her. However, she noticed that he had left a file in his office with instructions for if he got caught.

The file was a video called “Aftermath” and when Valerie opened it up, she immediately regretted it because it showed footage of John Doe murdering a woman. The woman had been bound and gagged like Valerie, but John Doe had strangled her instead of shooting her. When Valerie realized that she might be next, she closed the file without watchingit through to the end.

Valerie wasn’t sure what to do next. She could leave everything behind and run away from her problems, but she wasn’t sure where to go. She could go back home, but that would be too dangerous with John Doe still on the loose.

While she was thinking about what to do, she received a phone call from Male Celebrity A. He told her to meet him at his house in Los Angeles because he had some essential information that would help her find John Doe. He said that he wanted to make amends for his wrongdoings and Valerie thought that maybe Male Celebrity A was a decent guy after all.

She booked a flight to Los Angeles and then drove to Male Celebrity A’s house. He was there waiting for Valerie with a big smile on his face and said “Welcome to the safe house.” Valerie thanked him for inviting her into his home and told him that she was going through a lot right now because John Doe had been stalking her for years.

Male Celebrity A listened as Valerie told him about John Doe’s obsession with filming her and how she would have to hide in public places when she didn’t want him to seeher. Male Celebrity A was horrified and said that he was sorry for what Valerie was going through. He said that he had been thinking about making amends for his past mistakes all day and wanted to help Valerie deal with her problems. He told Valerie that he would do whatever he could to help her find some peace and safety.

Male Celebrity A asked Valerie if she wanted something to eat or drink, but she declined and said that she was exhausted from the ordeal of dealing with John Doe. Male Celebrity A suggested that Valerie get some sleep, but she said that she wanted to stay awake all night and think about her options.

The next morning, Valerie woke up early and checked in with Male Celebrity A to see if he had any leads on where John Doe might be. She asked Male Celebrity A if he thought John Doe would try to find her again after what happened last night, but Male Celebrity A said that he was confident that they were safe from John Doe’s wrath. He had installed some advanced security measures at his house and there was no way that John Doe could find them.

Valerie thanked Male Celebrity A for helping her out with everything and they parted ways. Later that day, Valerie met with Detective Richard Marx at a coffee shopin Los Angeles. Richard Marx said that he had been following Valerie’s trial and was saddened by the way she was treated by the media. He told her that he didn’t want that to happen to anyone else, which is why he wanted to support her efforts in helping women like her.

Richard Marx made a call and asked for an update on what the police were doing to catch John Doe. The officer who was speaking with Richard Marx told him that the police had found John Doe’s computer and had managed to recover a lot of his data, but they weren’t able to find any proof of criminal wrongdoing or involvement with Valerie whatsoever. This was because John Doe had used various aliases when he made the videos of Valerie in order to avoid being traced.

Richard Marx told Valerie that she should try to forget about John Doe and focus on the future. He said that he was impressed by how brave she was and encouraged her to start an organization for women like her who had been victimized by sexual predators and stalkers. He said that she could use it as an outlet to help other women deal with their problems instead of bottling up her feelings.

Valerie thanked Richard Marx for all of his help and they parted ways. She was relieved that John Doe had finally been caught and she could finally move on with her life.