    Brad Barton sat on the sofa in the living-room of his home, thinking about his life. His wife, Shannon, was having an affair with a man named Karen Spooner. Brad just found out about Shannon having an affair; he had no idea that it was going on until Shannon finally confessed to Brad. He was completely devastated when he found out. For the past couple of months, Brad had been seeing a woman named Karen, and his affair with Karen had resulted in him neglecting their family and Shannon. Brad begged for forgiveness, but Shannon refused to take him back and told him that she never wanted to see Brad again. Shannon told Brad that she was getting a divorce and that she wanted a divorce. But Brad couldn’t believe that Shannon would be willing to leave him forever; he knew fully well that it was wrong of him to cheat on his wife and felt terrible about it, but he thought Shannon would forgive him. Brad begged and pleaded with Shannon to give their marriage another chance, declaring his undying love for her.

Shannon became furious with Brad for having an affair and the fact that he was trying to talk her out of ending their marriage, which served as a catalyst for her to cut off all ties with him. She told Brad that she wanted a divorce and that there was no hope for them, which made Brad even more upset. They both continued to say hurtful things to each other, making the situation even worse. And it was at this point where they started fighting with each other and yelling at one another, with Shannon yelling at Brad to leave her alone and Brad yelling back at Shannon and pleading with her not to leave him.

Brad had stayed in their marriage for so long because he wanted nothing more than to be with Shannon forever; now he was faced with the reality that his affair had caused his marriage to break down. He started questioning Shannon about why she had chosen to stay with him all this time if she was so hurt by his affair. Brad asked her what made her stay with him when he did something like cheat on her, and why she didn’t leave him right then. He asked Shannon why she had waited until now to confront him about his affair, and wondered how long she’d known that he was cheating on her. Brad wondered how long Shannon had been planning to leave him, and questioned her about why she never confronted him before, since he’s been having an affair for a long time.

During Brad’s questioning of her, Shannon wanted to know if Brad was pleading for her forgiveness because he was truly sincere about ending his affair and saving their marriage, or if he was just trying to manipulate her into staying so that he wouldn’t have to deal with the embarrassment of ending their marriage. Brad insisted that he was sincere and begged Shannon for her forgiveness. He promised Shannon that she would never have to have any doubts about his feelings for her ever again.

Shannon didn’t believe him, though, and couldn’t forgive him on the spot just like that. She didn’t think it was fair to give Brad her forgiveness without making him earn it by ending his affair first. Shannon told Brad that whatever happens between them, she wants it to happen on her terms. Shannon said that if he really wanted her to forgive him, then he would have no choice but to end things with Karen. Brad told Shannon that ending his affair with Karen wasn’t an option, and that if she really wanted their marriage to work out, she’d have to give him a second chance.

Shannon told Brad that there was no way in hell that their marriage could survive unless he cut Karen out of his life. Brad said he couldn’t do it, and that this would be the last time that Shannon had a chance to stay with him. He said that if Shannon left him, she would never get another chance with him again.

Brad didn’t want to hear any more excuses, and said that he was done talking about the subject. He asked Shannon if she wanted to spend time with their daughter, but when Shannon said yes, Brad told her to go home because he wasn’t in the mood for seeing her anymore.

Shannon went home and spent an hour with her daughter. She then picked up her daughter from school later and drove her to the park, where they had fun playing together for the rest of the evening. Shannon had a good time with her daughter, and knew that she wouldn’t be seeing her much once she moved out of Brad’s apartment.

Shannon had to go back home to get ready for work, and her daughter went home with her. She was angry at Brad, but she knew that she would only make the situation worse by saying something, so she just let it go and decided to spend time with her daughter in order to forget about everything that was happening.

Shannon spent the next two weeks trying to move on and forget about everything that was going on between her and Brad, but it was hard for her because he wouldn’t leave her alone. He would constantly call or stop by her apartment, and it made Shannon feel like he didn’t care about their broken marriage at all.

It made Shannon even more angry that Brad was trying to make her feel like he cared, but the reality was that he didn’t see any reason why they should stay together. He had moved on with his life, and she couldn’t move on with hers until she found a new place to live.

She then moved out of the apartment and into a small one-bedroom house close to Brad’s apartment so that she could still see her daughter on a daily basis. She decided to move back home because it was easier for her to get over everything that happened since moving out of their home made her think about what a terrible mistake she was making by leaving Brad.

Shannon moved in with her parents, and while she lived there with them, she worked part-time as a waitress at a bar. She had always wanted to be a teacher, but she wasn’t going to move forward with any of her long-term plans until she felt better about herself and the future in general.

Shannon began to like her new job, and she enjoyed the fact that she and other people had a lot of fun together. She enjoyed being around people because they didn’t know about the past that she was still trying to get over. She also enjoyed being around people because they were always willing to help her when she started feeling down, and they never asked her if she wanted to talk about something.

It didn’t take long for Shannon to become a popular waitress at the bar, but she didn’t spend any time trying to make new friends or get involved in any kind of relationship during that time. She was content with drinking liquor and hanging out with other girls who were just as desperate for a good time as she was.

While Shannon was moving forward in her own life, Brad moved in with the other woman he had cheated on her with.

Shannon eventually got a full-time job at the bar, but Brad’s affair was still bothering her. She still had so many mixed feelings, and she couldn’t move on from the way things ended.

In time, however, the physical separation between them started to wear her down. She began moving on with her own life, but she never stopped worrying about what might happen next in their relationship. She always knew there would be a chance that they could end up back together, and the thought of that happening got to her time and time again.

Shannon’s outlook completely changed when Jeremy moved in with her. She saw him as the ultimate source of happiness in her life, and she vowed to never give up on having him in her life. She promised herself that Jeremy would always come first.

Moving on was difficult for her, but it had to be done. No matter what happened between her and Brad, she would not do anything that would cause Jeremy any kind of harm. She was determined to move forward in a positive direction with her life.

Brad still wanted to be in contact with Shannon. He knew that he would probably never be able to stop loving her, so he wanted to give their relationship a chance to continue getting better. They talked on the phone regularly, and they texted each other almost every day as well.

Even though he was supposed to cut all contact with Shannon, Brad found it hard to stay away from her. He knew that if he ever wanted to have a chance at having a successful relationship with her again, he had to do everything in his power to make it happen. He wanted nothing more than for them to end up back together.

One morning, after having breakfast with Jeremy, Shannon went into the bathroom and wrote a suicide note that would tell her family why she did what she did.

She had always been hesitant to leave a message like this for anyone to find because she was afraid that it would put them all in a bad situation. She also didn’t want everyone to feel guilty about her death, but she was confident that they would understand once they read her suicide note.

After she finished writing the note, she stood in front of the mirror and took in her appearance. She was wearing a pair of light blue jeans, a white t-shirt that had a picture of an animal on it, and matching sandals. Her hair was pinned up into a high ponytail that made her look even more beautiful than she already was.

Her smile faded as she began to look at her reflection more closely and really think about what she was doing. In the end, though, it came down to this: if she didn’t do what she knew that she had to do, then there would be no reason for Brad to come back and leave his girlfriend.

Shannon made the decision to end her life, and she knew that it couldn’t wait much longer before she went through with it. She wrapped herself in a white robe and looked at her reflection once again. By this point, there were tears rolling down her face; however, she didn’t care. She knew that it was time to say good-bye for the last time so she could be free of all of this pain and worry.

She walked out of her apartment and down the stairs to the parking lot where her car was parked. She stopped at the door leading to her apartment and looked back at the home she had shared with Brad. He was her whole world, but he had betrayed her, and she felt like he had ruined what they had together forever.

She got into her car and drove to a small bridge near the house where Brad lived. Her hands shook as she struggled to put the key into the ignition of her car. She took a deep breath and put her foot on the gas pedal.

Shannon had chosen a place that was secluded, and she thought that nobody would ever find her. She knew that Brad felt guilty for his actions, but even his apologies were too little, too late. Shannon had never been in so much pain before, and she felt like there was no way out of her despair. She knew that she was going to die by suicide that evening, and nothing Brad could say or do would change her mind.

Shannon drove down the road slowly, and her hands continued to shake. She was fighting back tears as she drove and thought about how Brad would feel after she died. She knew he would miss her terribly, but she hoped he would be able to move on with his life and not spend the rest of it regretting that he failed Shannon.

She turned onto the small dirt road where her destination was located, and she slowed down even more as she got closer. She could see the water running beneath the bridge in front of her, and she thought about how peaceful it would be when the current swept her away. She put the car into park, and she looked over at the suicide note that she had written for her family just before she left the house. She picked it up, read it one more time, then placed it on the dashboard next to her. She was filled with sadness as she looked at the note and thought about what her suicide would do to Brad.

She took a deep breath and turned off the ignition, then opened her door. Shannon reached for the handle on the passenger side of the car and moved it to lock, then she walked slowly towards the edge of the bridge. Her legs moved slowly as she walked, and her thoughts were focused on the end of her life. She wasn’t scared or sad anymore; she was completely at peace with what she was about to do.

Shannon moved closer to the edge of the bridge and let her feet touch the cool concrete surface. She moved a little further, then she dropped to her knees as the tears started to fall once again. Shannon reached down and lifted up the back of her skirt, then she removed a small black bag from underneath it. She opened the bag, and inside she saw what she wanted: a handful of pills that would soon end her life.

Shannon moved the hand that held the bag towards her mouth, and she tossed a pill into it before tossing the whole thing into her mouth. She waited a few moments to make sure that it dissolved properly, then she tossed three more pills into her mouth. She swallowed them with water from her bottle before moving to toss a handful of pills into her mouth. Shannon moved to sit down on the edge of the bridge after swallowing these last few pills, then she leaned forward so that her head was in front of her feet. She closed her eyes as tears started to stream down her face once again, and she waited to die.

Brad couldn’t believe what he had just witnessed. He had seen Shannon kill herself, right in front of him.

He started to sob as he stepped away from the railing and turned to run away from Shannon’s body. He knew that there was nothing he could do to change this, and there was no reason for him to stick around and watch Shannon finish her life. Brad ran all the way to his car before getting inside of it and crumpling against the steering wheel.

Brad didn’t know what to do with himself. Shannon had just died, and he didn’t know how to move on from this.

Brad began to drive home from Shannon’s house, and he tried to come up with some way to make sense of this tragedy. But no matter how hard Brad tried, he found that he couldn’t make any sense of Shannon’s death.

Brad had come to realize what an incredible impact Shannon had on his life. Brad had realized that he had taken all of that for granted, and now it was too late to appreciate her or all the wonderful things she did for him. And now Shannon was dead because of his selfishness. He had driven Shannon to this tragic end.

Brad began to drive faster as he thought about what a terrible mistake he had made in his life. He knew that he had not only driven Shannon to her death, but also himself into a dark pit of despair and depression. The anguish he was experiencing seemed to radiate from every pore of his body.

Brad drove faster still as his anguish worsened. But the faster he drove, the more distraught Brad became about Shannon’s death, and the more he felt compelled to do something to bring her back.

But there was nothing Brad could do now to bring Shannon back. And there was no way for Brad to fix the damage he had done to both himself and Shannon.

Brad needed to accept that Shannon was dead and that there was nothing he could do to bring her back. He needed to forgive himself for his selfishness and move forward with his life.

Shannon’s funeral was scheduled for the following day. Brad decided to attend, but he did not want to see any of Shannon’s family or friends while they were there. So Brad went out early the day of the funeral and bought himself a new suit to wear to Shannon’s funeral. He also stopped by a drug store and bought some nice cologne.

During Shannon’s visitation at the funeral home, Brad watched as friends, family, and members of his church came to pay their respects to Shannon. Among those who paid their respects was Jodi Gibbons, Shannon’s best friend.

“Shannon was a wonderful woman, Brad,” Jodi said after she hugged Brad and told him how sorry she was for his loss. “She really was.”

Jodi moved away from Brad and began to cry.

Brad was shocked. He did not expect Jodi to be so emotional about Shannon’s death. He knew that Shannon had been a good friend to Jodi, but he did not realize that he had meant so much to her, too.

Jodi wiped the tears from her eyes. Then she put her arms around Brad and hugged him again. She was crying softly as she spoke.

“I can’t believe Shannon is dead,” Jodi said. “I never thought I would have to go through this with her. I was just there with her last week. I took her to the doctor because she wasn’t feeling well, and then we went shopping for groceries at Wal-Mart. We had lunch together on Wednesday, and we talked about you, too. She was worried about you. Shannon didn’t think your moving out of the house was a good idea. But I told her I thought it was for the best.”

Jodi moved to the counter and pulled out a dish towel, which she handed to Brad.

“Here – let me wipe your hands and face with this,” Jodi said. “Then you can see Shannon.”

Jodi walked over to the coffin and opened the lid. She looked inside and said, “Shannon, Jodi’s here now. I’m going to bring Brad over so you can talk to him. Shannon, don’t worry; he doesn’t know about us. He doesn’t know that you and I had been having an affair for almost a year. He doesn’t even know that we used to be lovers, too, not that long ago. But you know all about that, Shannon. You were there to see it all happen. You saw Brad and Jodi in bed together only a few days before she broke up with him and went back to Brad. You saw all of it happen, right? We broke up because your husband was such a jerk – remember? He wouldn’t stop cheating on you. I told Brad if he cared anything at all about you, he would stop seeing me. But he wouldn’t listen to me. He couldn’t make up his mind who he wanted to be with more, me or you.”

Jodi closed the lid and straightened up. “I’m going to go get him. Why don’t you wait here for a minute?”

She went out of the room and Brad was left standing there alone with Shannon. She was lying on her back, her arms hanging over the side of the bed. It was hard for Brad to keep his eyes off her and not look at her naked body, even though she had done this before. But this time was different because she wasn’t alive anymore and he felt strange being in the same room with her. He stepped forward and touched her arm, stroking it gently. “I’m so sorry, Shannon. I can’t believe you did this to yourself. You had a lot to live for – a great husband who worshipped the ground you walked on and a beautiful son who needs his mother.”

Brad sat down on the other side of the bed and put his head in his hands.

Shannon moved slightly so she could look up at him. “I was afraid if I went on living, eventually he’d leave me for someone else or I’d be an old, ugly, fat woman with a saggy body and no self-respect.”

Brad laughed. “You have always been beautiful to me and I’m not going anywhere – I love you too much to go through all this pain again. And even if you do get old and fat, I’ll still think you’re the most beautiful woman in the world.” He reached over the bed and took her hand in his, rubbing it gently with his thumb.

Shannon smiled and squeezed his hand. “I wish I could have met you when we were younger. You make me feel like a teenager again.”

Brad smiled back at her. “You’re the only woman I’ve ever been in love with, Shannon – don’t you know that? I should have realized how lucky I was to find someone like you so early in life.” He leaned over and kissed her gently on the lips.

Shannon pulled Brad down onto the bed beside her and wrapped her arms around him as he held her tight against his chest. They lay there for a while just holding each other, both feeling a sense of peace and calm that was unusual for them.

Brad gently pulled away from Shannon and looked into her eyes. “I better get going – I promised to stop in at my dad’s office this morning before I went home.”

Shannon nodded and got out of bed, pulling her clothes on as she moved to the door. Brad reached out and touched her hair. “I’ll see you tonight,” he said softly, looking into the beautiful face of his wife.

She leaned over and gave him a gentle kiss on the lips before heading out the door to her own room. Brad stood there for a moment with his hand still resting on the door handle, then he went into his father’s office and sat down at the conference table as he signed in at the security desk.

“Good morning, Mr. Barton,” the receptionist greeted him. “Your father is in conference with the other attorneys – can I get you some coffee?”

“Sure, that would be great. Do you have any of those fresh blueberry muffins?” Brad asked as he moved to his father’s office chair.

“I think so, let me check,” she replied.

Several minutes passed before the receptionist came back holding a steaming mug of coffee and a plate of warm blueberry muffins. “Here you go, Mr. Barton, sorry for the wait,” she said with a smile.

“No problem, you’re doing your job – I should just be more patient. Thanks for the breakfast,” Brad said as he took the mug and began pouring himself a cup of coffee.

He ate most of the muffin while he read his work email and scanned through the newspaper article about Shannon’s suicide that had been forwarded to him by Karen Spooner.

At ten o’clock, the door to Mr. Barton’s office opened and Mr. Barton stepped out into the conference room with his secretary at his heels carrying a few papers in her hands.

“Good morning, Brad, Karen. Have you had breakfast?” Mr. Barton asked as he approached the two of them.

“Yes, thanks for asking,” Brad replied with a smile.

“I have a meeting this morning with Mr. Taylor, would either of you like to join me?”

Karen turned to Brad and said, “I can if you want to run upstairs and make sure you have everything you need before work.”

Brad nodded his head and said, “Sure. You go ahead – I’ll join you in there in about five minutes.”

Karen headed out of the room and grabbed a muffin off the table as she walked past it.

“You can go in now, Karen, I’ll be right there,” Mr. Barton said as he moved to sit down at his desk.

Karen entered the room and shut the door behind her. She sat down, laid her muffin on the table in front of her and took a sip of coffee from the cup next to it. She opened the paper she had brought with her and began to read.

Karen was wearing a red sweater and a black skirt that met at the knee, but did nothing to hide her long, shapely legs. Her hair was pulled up in a tight bun at the top of her head, exposing just enough of her face to show that she was a very attractive woman.

Brad was watching her as she read, taking in the sight of her as he sat there patiently waiting for his father to be ready for their meeting.

He had always found Karen to be attractive, even before his wife’s death, but as he looked at her now his admiration of her was heightened. She was everything he had ever wanted in a woman, and yet his thoughts were still always on Shannon.

He knew that if he were to ever start dating Karen, things would be very awkward with her throughout the time that Shannon’s grave remained in front of his house. It had seemed too much to ask for his father to have the grave moved, and besides that, there was nothing he could do to speed up the process anyway. He had resigned himself to not date anyone until the grave was gone.

Karen looked up and saw him watching her as she read the paper. She smiled at him and then put the paper down on her lap.

“So, what time does Jeremy have to be at school on Monday?” Karen asked.

“He needs to be there by eight, so I get him up around seven-thirty,” Brad said.

“That early, huh? You are going to have your hands full with him there all day. Shannon was always such a great mother to him,” Karen said.

“I know she was,” Brad said. “She loved him very much and did everything she could for him.”

“Do you think Shannon would have moved out of the house if she had not died?” Karen asked.

“No, I think not. She would have stayed there no matter what, even if we had split up. Her moving out was my decision,” Brad said.

“After Shannon’s funeral, you moved in with your parents again. Do they mind? Are they tired of having you there after all these years?” Karen asked.

“No, they don’t mind at all. They love having me stay with them,” Brad said.

“I know Shannon has a lot of nice things, but where is she going to put everything? How much room does she have now that she is dead? What will happen to her things after she has been buried for a few years? Can the family sell Shannon’s house?” Karen asked.

“I don’t know, Karen. I haven’t thought about it much. I guess we could sell the house, but I don’t know if we want to do that. Shannon loved that house. It was her home,” Brad said.

“Do you think about Shannon every day?” Karen asked.

“Yes, I do. I think about her all the time,” Brad said.

“Do you ever talk to her?” Karen asked.

“Yes, I talk to her all the time. I talk to her in my head,” Brad said.

“What do you say to her?” Karen asked.