
Premise: Devastated by her husband's infidelity, Shannon commits suicide. Her husband, Brad, is left to deal with the aftermath and soon realizes that Shannon was the only good thing in his life.

Setting: The story is set in the present day, in a small town in the United States.

Characters:
Brad Barton: Brad Barton is Shannon's husband.
Jeremy Barton: Jeremy Barton is Shannon and Brad's young son.
Karen Spooner: Karen Spooner is Brad's mistress.
Jodi Gibbons: Jodi Gibbons is Shannon's best friend.
Shannon Barton: Shannon Barton is a beautiful young woman with long blonde hair and blue eyes.
Dan Barton: Dan Barton is Shannon and Brad's father-in-law.


Outline:

1. Shannon and Brad Barton's marriage is on the rocks due to Brad's infidelity. Scene:  Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton, Karen Spooner

        a. Shannon discovers that her husband Brad is cheating on her with another woman. Scene:  Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton, Karen Spooner

                i. Shannon finds out that her husband Brad is cheating on her with another woman. Scene: Shannon and Brad's bedroom. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton, Karen Spooner

                ii. Brad confesses to Shannon that he's been having an affair and begs for her forgiveness. Scene: Shannon and Brad's bedroom. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

        b. Shannon confronts Brad about his affair and gives him an ultimatum: either end the affair or their marriage will be over. Scene:  Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

                i. Shannon confront Brad about his affair. Scene: Shannon and Brad's living room. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

                ii. Brad begs Shannon for forgiveness but Shannon doesn't believe him. Scene: Shannon and Brad's living room. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

                iii. Shannon tells Brad that if he doesn't end his affair, their marriage will be over. Scene: Shannon and Brad's living room. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

                iv. Brad doesn't end his affair and Shannon divorce him. Scene: Shannon and Brad's living room. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

2. Shannon commits suicide, leaving her husband and young son behind. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Barton, Brad Barton, Jeremy Barton

        a. Shannon struggles to deal with the pain of her husband's infidelity and eventually decides to take her own life. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Barton, Brad Barton, Karen Spooner

                i. Shannon contemplates suicide after finding out about Brad's affair. Scene: Shannon's point of view. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

                ii. Shannon writes a suicide note and then takes her own life. Scene: Jeremy's point of view. Characters: Shannon Barton

        b. Shannon's suicide leaves her husband Brad and young son Jeremy devastated. Scene:  Characters: Jeremy Barton, Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

                i. Shannon's family and friends deal with the aftermath of her suicide. Scene: Jeremy's point of view. Characters: Shannon Barton, Jeremy Barton, Brad Barton, Jodi Gibbons

                ii. Brad struggles to cope with Shannon's death and the guilt he feels over his affair. Scene: Karen's point of view. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

3. Brad realizes the error of his ways and comes to appreciate Shannon for the wonderful woman she was. Scene:  Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

        a. After Shannon's death, Brad takes a close look at his life and realizes that he never really appreciated Shannon for the wonderful woman she was. Scene:  Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

                i. Shannon's death brings Brad to realize that Shannon was the best thing in his life. Scene: Shannon's bedroom shortly after her suicide. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

                ii. Brad learns about all the ways Shannon made his life better and how much she truly loved him. Scene: Brad's car as he's driving home from Shannon's funeral. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

        b. Brad regrets cheating on Shannon and wishes he could take back his affair. Scene:  Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton, Karen Spooner

                i. Brad attends Shannon's funeral and overhears people talking about how his affair contributed to her suicide. Scene: the funeral home during Shannon's visitation. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

                ii. Brad talks to Shannon's best friend Jodi and tells her how much he regrets cheating on Shannon. Scene: Jodi's kitchen a few weeks after Shannon's funeral. Characters: Jodi Gibbons, Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

        c. Brad slowly begins to rebuilding his life without Shannon by his side. Scene:  Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

                i. Brad moves out of the house he shared with Shannon and moves in with his parents. Scene: Brad's childhood bedroom at his parents' house. Characters: Brad Barton, Shannon Barton, Dan Barton

                ii. Brad gets a job at his father's law firm. Scene: the conference room at his father's law firm. Characters: Brad Barton, Dan Barton

                iii. Brad begins to court Karen Spooner, Shannon's best friend's sister. Scene: Karen's living room. Characters: Karen Spooner, Brad Barton, Shannon Barton

                iv. Brad and Jeremy visit Shannon's grave on the first anniversary of her death. Scene: Shannon's cemetery. Characters: Jeremy Barton, Brad Barton, Shannon Barton