A few months earlier

Shannon Barton was driving home from her job at the college library. She had spent most of the day working on a special project for her boss, and the last thing she wanted to do was go home to Brad. She should have known that he would be there when she came home, but she had hoped that he would have gone out drinking with his friends.
Brad had been calling Shannon all night, and she had been ignoring his calls until finally giving in and picking up. At this point in her marriage, she dreaded the possibility of Brad calling her. She knew that it was only going to be about sex, which was the only way that Brad could communicate with her.  Over the past few months, he had become more and more aggressive towards her sexually, and every time he touched her for the sake of pleasure, she felt degraded. She was at the end of her marriage and wanted nothing more than to leave him.
She walked into their bedroom suite to find Brad sitting on the edge of the bed looking at himself in the full-length mirror. He had his shirt off and looked well-groomed, including the carefully gelled hair on his head.Shannon knew that Brad was trying to look like he was sexy and desirable. He was hoping that she would want to have sex with him, but Shannon just walked into the bedroom without saying a word and stood silently in the doorway. She didn’t even look at Brad as she walked over to her dresser and started getting undressed.
Brad finally noticed Shannon’s presence and said, “Hey Honey! It’s about time you got home! We have got something special planned for tonight, so get a move-on!”
Shannon just frowned at Brad and grabbed her underwear out of the drawer and put them on without saying a word. She had no idea what Brad was talking about when he said they had something special planned, but she was sure it wasn’t anything good.  Shannon turned to face Brad and said, “Brad Barton you are not going to get anything from me tonight! I am done being your nympho slut!”
Brad just laughed out loud and said, “That is so cute!  You really think that you can stop me from getting what I want? You have no power to say no to me anymore.”Shannon just scoffed and said, “Just because I haven’t tried to stop you before doesn’t mean that I can’t do it now! Not another touch, not another kiss or lick from here on out!” Brad didn’t like the way things were going at all. He could tell that Shannon was done with him for good, so he thought it might be time for a little bit of emotional manipulation. Brad said, “That is funny Honey! I know what you really mean when you talk like that! You are just trying to act like a big man instead of showing how much you really love me.” Shannon just rolled her eyes at Brad and said, “No I am not! Like I told you before, if we are going to have a relationship then you need to start treating me right! It looks like you haven’t been able to do that for a while. So goodbye Brad Barton!” Shannon wasn’t afraid of Brad at all. She knew that there was no way he could ever overpower her in a fight or even win an argument against her. He had made his bed and now he would have to lay init. Shannon turned away from Brad and went back into their bedroom to get dressed without paying any attention to him at all.

After Shannon left the room Brad stood up from the bed and walked over to the full-length mirror on the back of his closet door. He looked into the mirror and saw how good he looked with his shirt off and his gel slicked-back hairstyle. Brad decided that it was time to call off his affair, but he wasn’t going to tell Karen Spooner right away. He didn’t want her to get suspicious about something if she seemed like she wanted to spend time with him less than usual. After making up his mind, Brad left the room and went downstairs to eat lunch with his in-laws before they went back out on the mountain to ski for a while.

Shannon’s mother-in-law, Dan Barton, came down from upstairs as soon as the front door closed behind Brad. Dan asked him if Shannon was coming too, but Brad told her that they were having some problems and that Shannon needed some time alone to calm down. Dan looked at Brad for a minute and asked him what was going on between them. Brad told Dan that he didn’t wantto talk about it at the moment and that it would be better if they just got out of there for a little while.

Dan Barton was shocked by Brad’s response because she had never seen the usually-cheerful Brad act so serious before. Dan decided to let their conversation drop then. She didn’t like it when people talked about their personal lives at family get-togethers anyway. She always saw those events as a time when the family could escape from all of their stress and just have a good time together.

A little while later, Brad finished eating the lunch that his mother-in-law had prepared for him and washed his hands at the sink before putting on his ski gear. He figured that maybe he should wait until they got back from skiing to tell Karen Spooner about their relationship. Brad didn’t want to ruin the rest of his weekend if she decided to get mad at him or break off their affair all together.

On the other hand, Karen Spooner was sitting in her house in her robe and slippers while she wrote a very long letter to her husband. Karen was planning on telling him about the affair when she got back from skiing this afternoon. She figured that it would take afew days for Brad to realize that she was gone, so he would probably be distraught and miserable by the time he got home. She thought that it was only fair. Brad had ruined her life for the past three years, and now it was her turn to ruin his.

In addition, Karen figured that Dan Barton and Brad’s father Jeremy Barton wouldn’t mind it if their son were to suffer a bit considering everything he had done to them. After all, they were still upset with Brad about the accident that had killed their daughter Shannon and injured their grandson Jeremy. They would probably be even more unhappy with him if they knew about his affair.

Meanwhile, Dan was walking through the airport parking lot and trying to find Brad’s car. As she was browsing through the rows of cars, she heard another voice say her name. She turned around and saw a man who appeared to be in his mid-twenties standing in front of her. Dan had never met the man before, so she was surprised to see him here at the airport with her.

The man walked up to Dan and held out his hand for her to shake. “I’m sorry for your loss,” he said to her. “My name is Jeremy Barton. I’m Sarah’s husband.” The moment Karen saw the man, she realized that Sarah was Brad’s mistress. She had been trying to keep the fact that Shannon had killed herself a secret from everyone, so she didn’t know how Sarah was involved. To change the subject, Karen asked Jeremy what he was doing at the airport so early in the morning. He explained that he had flown to Chicago yesterday because he hadn’t wanted to wait until today to come home. He had been sitting at home for too long, wondering why Brad hadn’t called him with any news regarding his wife Shannon and son Jeremy. He said that when he finally decided to come home, Sarah had convinced him that it was better if he didn’t make the drive alone. Karen agreed with him that driving long distances by yourself could be boring, so she started walking with him towards the parking lot exit. After they left the airport, Jeremy asked Karen about the accident and if she had read any newspaper articles about it yet. Karen told him that she preferred to stay out of the media spotlight because she didn’t like talking about her husband’s affair. Jeremy apologized for asking her personal questions, but he was just trying to be a good friend. They talked about some other things until they got outside the airport, then Jeremy suddenly remembered that he had promised to give Karen a ride home. He assured her that it wasn’t a problem and offered to drive them both home since she was wearing so many layers of clothes. After driving for a while, they realized that they were quite hungry, so they stopped at a fast food restaurant for breakfast. Jeremy and Karen talked about their families as they ate their food. When their conversation took an awkward turn, Karen asked Jeremy to take a detour on the way home so she could get rid of the rest of her breakfast in a McDonald’s bathroom. When they were finished, Jeremy drove them both back to Sarah’s house.

	When he stepped into the house, Jeremy noticed Sarah and Brad sitting on the couch. It looked like they were having an argument about some personal issues. Brad was pacing around the room and gesturing while Sarah just sat there quietly listening to him. It seemed like Brad was angry with something Sarah had said, so Jeremy decided not to approach them until they were finished talking. He sat down on the couchand began reading a newspaper that was lying on the table in front of him. It took Brad and Sarah about ten minutes to calm down and finally start talking again. Jeremy could tell that both of them were still very upset, so he let them be. He had a feeling that it would be best to let them talk about things in private for as long as it took for them to calm down.

	After an hour or so, Brad and Sarah started talking about Shannon’s death again. Jeremy was surprised at how easily he could start crying again just by thinking about it. He had never cried over a death before, but he couldn’t get past the fact that his own mother had been driving when Shannon walked out into the road. He didn’t want to tell that to Karen and Sarah, though, so he just sat there quietly and listened to them talk about it. It was starting to become clear that this wasn’t the first time that Brad had cheated on Shannon with Sarah. She admitted that she’d been having an affair with him for almost six months now, but she had no idea why Brad would kill himself over her. She said that she didn’t have any feelings for him anymore and even though they’d had sex more than once since Shannon died, their relationship was purely physical. She hadn’t told Brad that she no longer loved him, either.

	When Brad and Sarah were finally done talking about the time leading up to Shannon’s death, Jeremy knew it was probably time to go home. He also knew that he didn’t want to hear about what happened after she killed herself ever again. It was too disturbing for him to hear about how her body had been mangled and then set on fire by the firefighters when they found her by the road.

	Brad and Sarah asked if he wanted to stay at their house for a few days, but he told them that he had to get back to Colorado so he could get some sleep, and because he felt guilty about lying to his mother about staying with them in the first place.

	After saying goodbye to Karen and Sarah, Jeremy got into his car and drove back to Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport.

	His mother was waiting for him at the airport in her own car. She had been there since she dropped Jeremy off at ‘The Field’ that morning, so she was glad to finally see her son again. When Jeremyfound out from his mother that his father had been released from the hospital and was doing okay, he started to feel guilty for lying to her about where he was going this past week.

	Brad had told him that it wasn’t a big deal to lie to someone in his or her own family, but Jeremy didn’t agree with him. He knew he would have never forgiven himself if something had happened to his dad while Jeremy was lying to him and didn’t know about it.

	He also figured that he deserved the lecture his mother was going to give him when they got home because of his lying...he just hoped it wasn’t going to be too bad. He knew that lying was wrong, even though Brad told him it wasn’t.

	When they pulled into their driveway, Jeremy felt really tired. He sat in the driveway while his mother parked her car in the garage and took her bag out of the trunk. He leaned forward on his seat and rested his head against the headrest as he stared up into space for a moment, trying to imagine how Brad must have felt just before he had learned that Shannon was dead.

	He wondered if Brad had ever loved Shannon sincerely, or if he hadjust been using her for his own purposes. He wondered if he would ever be able to love anyone as much as Brad had loved Shannon, or even half as much...maybe not even a quarter of that. He wondered if Brad truly realized what an incredible woman she was and had been, and how he would have felt if he had died knowing that his wife was dead because she couldn’t bear the thought of going on without him.

	Jeremy sighed as he looked up at the dark sky and saw a shooting star go by over his head. He closed his eyes and wished that things were different between him and his mom, and between him and his dad. He wished that he could see Brad again, but he knew it wasn’t going to happen for a very long time – maybe not for several years.

	Finally, when he thought about it that way, he began to realize how much guilt really would have eaten him up if something bad had happened while he was away. And at the same time, he realized that his mother might never forgive him if something did happen to Jeremy while she knew where he was but kept quiet about it.

	So in the end, Jeremy decided that maybe what Brad said about lying wasn’t sobad. But only a little bit. Still, he was glad to be back home, no matter how much it would take him to get used to his old routine again.

Brad Barton did not understand why his son felt guilty about having lied to him. He had lied to Shannon too and, once upon a time, to his father and mother too – and they had forgiven him for all of them. He figured he would eventually be able to forgive Jeremy too. He certainly hoped he would, because it grieved him to think of his son suffering as he had suffered when his first wife had died.

	He remembered how good Shannon was in bed, and how she could always make him feel better when he was upset. She was a true friend too and no matter what problem he came to her with, she always seemed to find a way of making it better.

He also remembered how sweet she smelled when he first went to her bed at night...like honey and flowers mixed together. He had missed those things a lot, but he figured if they were still too painful for Jeremy to deal with, he would wait until later to ask him about them.

They both needed some time away from each other first anyway. They had been through toomuch together in such a short time, and it was bound to take them some time to settle back into their old routine. He did not mind waiting a little while longer for Jeremy to share his secrets with him. In the meantime, he hoped that he would be able to make Shannon proud of him by regaining the respect of his son.

Brad could see that it would take some time for his son to get used to having him around again and that was fine by Brad, because being around was all he wanted at the moment.

	He made a bee-line for the liquor cabinet where he kept his old bottle of scotch. He poured himself a stiff drink and took a long sip from the glass. 	“That’s good,” he said, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand in an attempt to catch some of the dribble that had escaped onto his chin.

He was glad that Jeremy had stayed behind to take care of the house while he was gone because otherwise Brad might have gotten too drunk to notice what was going on around him – and there were a lot of things that needed his attention.

	First, he checked the answering machine to see if anyone had called while he was away. There were two messages from Shannon’s mother Karen, who was still trying to get in touch with him. Brad hit the delete button and decided that he would rather not talk to her, at least for the time being.

His next stop was the kitchen where he went through all of the drawers looking for anything that belonged to Shannon. He found some pictures from their wedding and other random photographs that brought back so many memories for him. His favorites were the ones of Shannon and Jeremy together because they made him realize how much he missed them both. When he saw a picture of himself holding Shannon in his arms on their wedding day, all of the anger and resentment that had built up inside of him dissipated and he began to feel like himself again.

Tears ran freely down his face as he picked up Shannon’s picture from their wedding day, kissed it gently on her lips, and then held it next to his heart. Brad cried until there were no more tears left in him. The tears flowed unashamedly because he knew that there would be no one watching him this time as he wept over the death of his beloved wife.

When he finally stopped crying, Brad took a long look at himself in the mirrorand realized that he had been a fool. Shannon was the best thing that had ever happened to him and he had taken her for granted. He now knew that he would never find another woman who loved him as much as Shannon had and he vowed to never take her love for granted again.

Brad went into Jeremy’s room and found him fast asleep in his bed. He sat down on the edge of the bed and watched his son sleep for a few minutes before gently kissing him on the forehead and tucking him in. Brad then went into his own bedroom, undressed, and got into bed where he finally allowed himself to fall asleep.