	Paula Taylor and Sally Smith met in college. Paula was an English major from a small town in Vermont, just out of high school, and not at all sure she was cut out for the rigors of a competitive university. Sally was already there, having transferred from a community college near her home in Florida. She had come to college with a ready-made group of friends and more confidence than Paula would ever have. She was smart, funny, outgoing, and worldly beyond her years. Sally knew how to talk to boys; she was the only one of Paula’s girlfriends who could manage that without giggling or blushing. Sally and Paula met at a party—Paula had been invited by a friend from high school and Sally had accompanied another—and they immediately bonded over their shared Midwestern origins and their love of the New Yorker cartoons. They were inseparable after that, and spent most of their college years together, meeting for dinner once a week and going to the movies and plays together whenever they could afford it. After college, Sally moved to the city, got an art-history job at a downtown museum, and married a man named David Smith. They had one young child, Joel. The marriage ended when David cheated on Sally with a colleague, and they divorced. Meanwhile, Paula stuck around her home town, got a job at the local hospital as an administrator in the maternity ward, and married Jack Taylor, a widower also in his early 30s who had moved into town only about six weeks earlier. Jack worked for a commercial construction company that specialized in schools and universities.

They remained close after college, though their lives took different paths — for one thing, Sally married and had a child, while Paula was single. But when they stayed in touch after graduation, the relationship was filled with meaning.

They became close friends and stayed in touch even after college. When Sally’s marriage ended, she moved back to Chicago to live with her parents for a while, until she was feeling better. She kept in touch with Paula, and they even met up from time to time and ate dinner at the same restaurant. Once Sally wanted to go out for a couple of drinks. She suggested a dive bar that she liked because she could always count on the same bartender. They had fun that night, and they talked about how much they missed being in college and living in their old dorm.

Sally eventually got remarried but the marriage didn’t work out and she moved back to Chicago, where she lived with her parents and Joel. She started nursing school while working as an assistant for a doctor. At the same time, Paula had separated from Jack, and they were going through a difficult divorce. The couple’s son Josh was in his teenage years, and he was acting out after Sally and Paula split up.

Paula kept in touch with Sally when she was going through her divorce, and they talked on the phone often. They went to happy hours together, just as they had done in college. They even renewed their friendship with a trip to Las Vegas. Even after their children raised their own families and moved away, Paula and Sally kept in touch, until one day Sally’s life was unexpectedly cut short. She was 53 years old. She died suddenly. She died very unexpectedly from a heart attack.

Paula was devastated when she heard about Sally’s death, and she went to the funeral with her family. She returned to Chicago soon after the service and helped to pack up Sally’s house.

During one of her visits to Sally’s house, Paula had a strange experience with David Smith, who had been Sally’s husband. David was the man Sally had briefly dated. He was also a college friend of Sally’s, but he hadn’t been in regular contact with her over the years.

David had moved to Chicago after he and Sally separated, and he was living alone for the first time in his life. He also didn’t have Sally’s children keeping him busy anymore. After the funeral, David moved back to Sally’s house in the suburbs, where he continued to live alone.

With nothing to do, he spent most of his time in the kitchen of Sally’s empty house. Occasionally he would move a few dishes and cups around the shelves, where they had always been stored before. Then one day, after moving some of the dishes around, David stumbled upon a forgotten piece of paper that Sally had written on years before.

It was written on yellowed stationery with “College Days” written in cursive at the top of the page. Paula and Sally hadn’t talked about college in many years—they were both moving on with their lives—but this was a subject they had bonded over in the past.

This unexpected find triggered David’s memory of Sally. He recalled how she used to sit in the kitchen of her parents’ house, eating leftover pizza and drinking beer with her friends. And he remembered how he courted her in that very same room. This piece of paper made him think about their courtship, and it stirred up many emotions in his mind.

He felt nostalgic, but he also felt sad. Because he had a new fiancée—someone he loved more than anyone in the world.

As David sat alone on the floor in the middle of Sally’s kitchen, moving things around on the shelf, he began to read the faded words written on the piece of paper. The words moved him to tears, and he quickly put down the paper and went upstairs to bed.

On his way upstairs, he thought about Paula. She was an independent woman who lived a hundred miles away and had been separated from her husband for several years. She was beautiful, talented, and strong. And they shared the same past. They had known each other for nearly twenty years and were connected by many memories, but they had never acted on their history before. They had always just been…friends. But now they were alone in the same place at the same time, and something shifted between them.

David was not a perfect husband. He knew that and Sally knew that, too. But he hoped she would overlook his faults and accept him—love him in spite of his imperfections. But Sally had an illness, and no matter how much he loved her or tried to help, it couldn’t be fixed. She suffered the humiliation of trying to hide her illness when they went into public together, and there were many nights that he would lie awake beside her while she wheezed and fought for each breath.

He wasn’t sure when the affair began. It seemed to happen gradually. There were moments when he wished he could tell her how much he cared for her, but then the fear of rejection overwhelmed him and he remembered that this relationship was built on secrecy and deception.

So, instead of trying to rescue their marriage, he began an affair with his wife’s best friend.

Paula was not a perfect woman, either. She knew that and everyone around her knew that, too. But she couldn’t seem to stop herself from falling in love with a married man. Her best friend’s husband, to be exact. She tried to talk herself out of it, but she couldn’t. She tried to stop seeing him, but she couldn’t.

She had known Sally since college. They met and became fast friends—a friend that Sally confided in about everything, even her marriage and the problems she was having with David. The more Paula got to know Sally, the more she cared for her. So, when Sally became ill and needed help, Paula stepped in and took care of her.

Paula was a strong woman, too. She cared for Sally in all the ways that another woman would do for her dying friend. She stayed by her side through illness, a difficult surgery, and the long recovery back to health. Paula became so close to Sally that she felt more like a sister than a caretaker. She knew that their relationship was inappropriate, but she didn’t care. She loved Sally Smith and didn’t want her to die alone. And Sally repaid Paula’s care by becoming sicker and more dependent upon her.

Paula cared for Sally, but she also cared for David. They had been friends for years, so it was only natural that he would call on her when Sally began to really suffer. Paula became more of a friend than caretaker at that point. And the more Paula took care of Sally, the more she thought of David. She hadn’t thought much about him before, but now all thoughts about his health, welfare, and happiness dominated her mind. She worried about him constantly—worried that he might get sick or hurt himself, worried that he wasn’t treating Sally right because of his job situation, and most of all, worried that he wasn’t going to be around when Sally died.

When Sally finally did die, it was too much for Paula to bear. She broke down and sobbed uncontrollably as Sally lay motionless on the bed. Paula felt guilty for all of the suffering she had caused—for David not being there when Sally passed away, for her affair with Sally’s husband and everything that had come along with it, and for caring so much about him that she forgot to care about her best friend Sally. Guilty. Guilt was the only word that described Paula’s feelings at that point. She thought about how she could have been a better person, how she could have loved Sally even more and made sure that she got better, and how her whole life would be different if only Sally hadn’t died.

Paula stood up from the bed and walked over to the window overlooking the backyard. She tried controlling her sobbing, but gave up when she saw David and Sally’s daughter playing in the park across the street. She walked back over to the bed, where Sally lay. Sally was completely still with her mouth slightly open and a look of emptiness in her eyes.

“She looks so peaceful,” Paula thought as she gently reached down and rested her hand on Sally’s shoulder.

All of a sudden, there was a loud bang from the kitchen as the sound of dishes clattering and plates smashing against the cabinets filled the air. Paula jumped up from Sally’s side and rushed over to investigate.

When she moved into the kitchen, she saw David standing next to their old refrigerator, which had been moved over by the wall to make room for a new one. The refrigerator was completely open, and David appeared to be moving around inside of it as if he were looking for something.

“What are you doing?” Paula exclaimed as she moved further into the kitchen, and then stopped in her tracks when she saw what David was doing.

David was moving his arms up and down as if he were trying to break some sort of imaginary barrier between himself and … Sally.

Paula moved closer to David behind him, where he didn’t seem to realize she was there. She gently placed her hand on his shoulder and turned him around towards her. David seemed to jump a little when Paula moved up against him, causing him to look startled at first. Then he moved his arms behind his back in an apparent attempt to loosen them up before looking down at the floor and muttering, “This isn’t good.”

“What isn’t?” Paula asked, moving a little closer to him.

David kept moving his arms in front of him for a brief moment before finally looking up at Paula and saying through clenched teeth, “The reason I moved my arm in front of me is because I moved a couple of things out of the way so I could get to the bottom shelf.”

Paula moved a little closer to him, almost crowding him as she gently put her hand on his face and turned it towards hers. “Oh,” she said softly. “You were trying to break down the barrier between you and your wife?”

David turned his head away from Paula for a moment before looking back at her. He then looked down at the floor again as he shifted his weight from foot to foot, saying, “We have an agreement here. We agreed I would keep this a secret in order to let her family grieve in peace and not cause them any more pain, at least for now, and in exchange they agreed to not say anything if I ever came home.”

Paula quietly nodded her head, agreeing with David and saying, “That was very considerate of you, David. I know how hard it must be for you to stay away from her now that she’s gone.” Paula then moved even closer to him, putting her arm around his shoulder and hugging him in the process as she said with tears in her eyes, “I’m sorry, David. I didn’t mean to upset you like this. I just thought you might want me to leave and let you be alone for a while …”

David looked back into Paula’s eyes, now fully crying himself, as he saw his wife’s death reflected in her face. David said in a shaky voice, “I really wish you would leave. I promised to give her family some time to grieve and that’s what I’m going to do. Please go and let me be alone for now …”

Paula saw the truth of David’s words as she also felt the guilt of what she had done to him. She then slowly moved away from him, and as she stepped out the door she nodded her head in agreement, saying nothing in response to his request. As soon as she was out the door, she ran down the steps of their home with tears streaming down her face and, once outside, fell on the ground sobbing uncontrollably.

She cried so hard that she completely forgot about the baby in her arms as Lily began crying herself when she heard her mother sobbing. Lily then began crying loudly herself, which made Paula even more upset. She didn’t want to go back inside, yet she couldn’t face the neighbors anymore as they might see her crying and know what had happened.

So, with Lily still in her arms, she made her way across the back deck, entered the garage and then closed the garage door behind her. When she entered the garage, she turned to close the door that led into their house, but stopped when she saw a car parked next to David’s car. She wondered whose car it was as she hadn’t seen it there before. After a few seconds of staring at the car, she walked over to it and peered inside. It was Josh’s car; he wasn’t supposed to be home until tomorrow night.

She stood there for a minute watching Josh move around inside the garage as he opened and closed various cabinets and drawers. He stopped what he was doing and turned around when he heard the door shut behind her.

“I wasn’t expecting you until tomorrow,” Paula said as she entered the garage and walked over to Josh.

Josh stared at her for a few moments before replying, “I got an early break in my schedule and decided to come home early.”

Paula nodded and stared at the floor before adding, “I guess I didn’t see your car because….”

Josh interrupted her by saying, “David and I went to the airport to get Lily.