
Premise: Paula has a secret. She's been married to her husband for 5 years, and they have a 2-year-old daughter. During that time, she's also been having an affair with her best friend's husband. She knows it's wrong, but she can't help how she feels. When her best friend unexpectedly dies, Paula is left to deal with the guilt of her secret and the possibilities of what could have been.

Setting: The story is set in a small town in the US.

Characters:
Jack Taylor: Jack Taylor is Paula's husband.
Josh Taylor: Josh Taylor is Jack and Paula's teenage son from a previous marriage.
David Smith: David Smith is Sally's husband and Paula's lover.
Joel Smith: Joel Smith is Sally and David's young son.
Lily Taylor: Lily Taylor is Paula and Jack's young daughter.
Paula Taylor: Paula Taylor is a young woman in her early 30s.
Brian Taylor: Brian Taylor is Jack and Paula's young son.
Sally Smith: Sally Smith is Paula's best friend who unexpectedly dies.


Outline:

1. Paula meets Sally in college and the two become best friends. Scene:  Characters: Paula Taylor, Sally Smith

        a. Paula and Sally meet in college and become best friends. Scene:  Characters: Paula Taylor, Sally Smith

                i. Paula and Sally meet in college and become best friends. Scene: a college dorm room and it's the first time the two women meet. Characters: Paula Taylor, Sally Smith

                ii. The two women become close friends and stay in touch even after college. Scene: a college dorm room and it's the first time the two women meet. Characters: Paula Taylor, Sally Smith, Jack Taylor, Joel Smith

        b. Over the years, the two women stay in close contact and even raise their families together. Scene:  Characters: Paula Taylor, Sally Smith, Jack Taylor, Brian Taylor

                i. Sally and Paula keep in touch after college and even raise their families together. Scene: a college dorm room and it's the first time the two women meet. Characters: Paula Taylor, Sally Smith, Joel Smith, Josh Taylor

                ii. The friends even go through difficult times together, like when Sally's husband leaves her. Scene: Sally's kitchen and it's a few years after college. Characters: Sally Smith, David Smith

2. Paula falls in love with Sally's husband, David, and the two begin an affair. Scene:  Characters: David Smith, Sally Smith, Paula Taylor

        a. Paula falls in love with her best friend's husband and the two begin an affair. Scene:  Characters: Paula Taylor, David Smith

                i. Paula falls in love with her best friend's husband, David. Scene: the past. Characters: Paula Taylor, David Smith, Sally Smith

                ii. The two begin an affair and keep it a secret from everyone. Scene: the past. Characters: Paula Taylor, David Smith, Sally Smith

        b. Paula knows it's wrong, but she can't help how she feels. Scene:  Characters: Paula Taylor

                i. Paula tries to end the affair, but she can't. Scene: the past. Characters: Paula Taylor

                ii. Things become more complicated when Sally becomes ill and Paula must care for her. Scene: the past. Characters: Paula Taylor, Sally Smith

3. Sally unexpectedly dies and Paula must deal with the guilt of her secret and the possibility of what could have been. Scene:  Characters: Paula Taylor, Sally Smith

        a. Sally unexpectedly dies and Paula is left to deal with the guilt of her secret and the possibilities of what could have been. Scene:  Characters: Paula Taylor, Sally Smith

                i. Sally unexpectedly dies, leaving Paula to deal with the guilt of her secret and the possibility of what could have been. Scene: the past. Characters: Paula Taylor, Sally Smith

                ii. Paula tries to keep her distance from Sally's husband, David, but finds it difficult. Scene:  Characters: David Smith, Sally Smith, Paula Taylor

        b. Paula must now find a way to tell her best friend's husband, David, about the affair and deal with the consequences. Scene:  Characters: Paula Taylor, David Smith, Sally Smith

                i. Paula tells David about the affair and the two agree to keep it a secret. Scene:  Characters: Paula Taylor, David Smith

                ii. Paula and David continue to see each other and their families stay close. Scene:  Characters: Paula Taylor, David Smith, Josh Taylor, Lily Taylor

                iii. Paula and David eventually get married. Scene:  Characters: Paula Taylor, David Smith