Paula Taylor knew something was missing in her life, but she couldn’t quite name it. She had a good job, nice house, and two beautiful kids. She had wonderful friends and her family was great too. Her marriage to Jack was solid but she thought that it might be better if he didn’t expect her to be the perfect wife.
	She looked at Lily, her daughter who was playing on the floor with a plastic toy phone when she realized something that could fill the void. She spent hours teaching Lily how to talk and potty train her, but there was one thing she wasn’t taught: what kind of man to choose as her husband. That was something only Paula knew how to teach.
	It wouldn’t be hard to find someone, she knew plenty. They were all around her, just waiting for a chance to get close to her and have their way with her body. But Sally was the one woman who had been by her side since college and she would have to be the first. The only question was how to approach this delicate subject.
	She took off her glasses and placed them on the table next to her half-empty glass of wine. She watched as Lily crawled over tothem and picked up her glasses. She was careful to not let Lily accidentally press any buttons with her sticky fingers. Paula smiled at the thought of how much she loved raising Lily and seeing her grow up to be such an adorable child. There is nothing better than spending time with your family, she thought.
	Paula was in her early 30s, but would never admit it in public. No matter what age she was, the years seemed to fly by and each day she woke up more and more exhausted. It wasn’t just from staying up late too many nights or the lack of sleep that accompanies raising a kid, but something else was wrong. She had developed restless leg syndrome for the last couple years which made it nearly impossible for her to sleep at night or relax during the day.
	Paula took a deep breath and slowly exhaled, trying to calm herself down so she could make an important decision. If only she could get some sleep, then maybe everything would fall into place. That’s all she needed was a good night’s rest. How long has it been since I’ve had one of those? She thought to herself.
	Jack came home from work and kissed Paula on the forehead as he enteredthe room. As tired as Paula felt, there was no way she could sleep with him around. She needed to sneak away while he was off doing whatever it was that men did at night.
	“How are you feeling?” Jack asked.
	“Great! Everything is going really well at work,” Paula lied.
	Paula had spent the last couple hours researching restless leg syndrome on the Internet and knew everything she needed to know about it. Her symptoms were pretty classic, but she wasn’t ready to tell Jack the truth yet. Or anyone else for that matter.
	Jack rubbed her shoulders and kissed her on the cheek before heading off to bed. “Sleep tight sweetie,” he said.
	Paula smiled to herself and grabbed Lily by the hand as she began her nightly walk around the house and out onto the back patio where they both sat down in lawn chairs. Lily usually fell asleep within five minutes, but tonight she seemed unusually alert for some reason. As Paula looked down at her daughter, it reminded her of the way Sally used to look when they were in college. They had met their freshman year at a frat party while Jack was still married to his first wife.Sally was young and beautiful, but she was also the most down-to-earth, wonderful friend Paula had ever met. 	Soon after meeting Sally, Paula began spending more time at her apartment than at her own place. When Sally’s parents would go out of town, Paula would even stay over for a few nights. Sometimes they would just go out to dinner and talk about what their future would look like once they were done with school. The more time Paula spent with Sally, the more she admired her.
	It took them until their senior year to admit that they really wanted something more than just friendship between them, but when they did it was clear that being together was right. There were no questions asked and no regrets made as they made love for the first time. And although it didn’t happen all that often, Paula sometimes wished that she could go back and relive those years with Sally all over again.
	Paula still hadn’t told Lily about how she met Sally in college – especially since Lily’s father was so adamant about keeping the truth from her – but as she sat there staring at her sleeping daughter, Paula wished that she could talk to Sally about what was going on in their lives right then. She wanted Sally’s advice on what she should do about Lily’s father having another baby with another woman. She wanted to see if Sally had any experience with this sort of situation, or if she even knew a little bit about what was going through Paula’s head.
	She shook her head and tried to snap herself out of it, but when she turned back around to look at Lily all she could see was that the girl was a carbon copy of Sally. She had a head full of brown hair, just like her mother and sister did, and the same green eyes – just like Sally and Joel. Even though Paula had only ever seen one picture of her biological father, it was clear that Lily looked just like him as well.
	Paula turned back around and continued to stare at the blank screen on the laptop sitting next to her on a small round table near the bed. She had no idea how long she had been contemplating Lily’s future when a noise in the hallway caused her to jump up off of the bed and rush into the living room. Paula flipped on the lights and spun around to see Jack walking into the house with a look of relief plastered across his face.“Oh my God, are you okay?” he asked as he saw Paula frantically checking her body for any wounds.
	“What?” She looked over at him with a blank stare, not understanding where his question came from or what he was asking about. “Oh, yes I am fine. Why wouldn’t I be?”
	Jack continued to stare at her as if he thought something was wrong with her. “You’re just acting really strange, that’s all. You need to take it easy for a while after everything that has happened. Stop trying to run around and do everything yourself – you don’t have the energy for that right now, not with everything else that is going on in your life. You need to start getting some rest if you want to get better faster.”
	Paula did not know what to say, so she just stared at him blankly and shrugged her shoulders. Jack walked over to the rocking chair and sat down, still waiting for her response. “I’m fine, seriously! I am just really worried about Lily – that is all.”Jack nodded and sighed. He reached over to pat her leg, but she pulled away from him. He watched as Paula stood up and walked up the stairs.
	Paula lay down in bed, closed her eyes, and tried to go back to sleep. As she was laying there, though, she started thinking again about what Jack had said. She tried to make sense of his words in her mind, but for some reason they were not making any sense. Suddenly, she realized that it didn’t matter what he said because David would be by later this evening and he could take care of anything that needed to be taken care of.
	Paula closed her eyes again and tried to sleep, but the only thing on her mind was David and how much she wanted him. She had not been able to stop thinking about him since the day they met at Sally’s funeral a few weeks ago. He was everything she had ever wanted – strong, handsome, caring, and most importantly faithful. He always made her feel special and loved whenever they were together, which was rare because he was always working long hours and not getting home until late in the evening. He always made it up to her by taking her out on dates whenever he could, but ever since she had started working for him, that was even less frequent than usual. Paula found herself fantasizing about David almost every night and day; she dreamed about him touching her, kissing her, and telling her how much he cared for her. She wondered what it would be like to wake up with him next to her or run into him in the hallway after she had just gotten out of the shower. The more she thought about him, though, the more nervous and anxious she became. She wanted to do something about it, but what? She thought about telling Jack what was going on, but that would ruin everything that they had together. She knew that if she told Jack, he would be hurt and angry with her. And what about Sally's children? They had already lost their mom; they didn't need a stepfather who was sleeping with their dad. David was someone who could take care of them, someone they could trust and rely on, but she couldn't just walk away from Jack without hurting him in the process. 	Paula wanted to share her life with David, but she didn't want to hurt anyone in the process. What was she supposed to do? Should she just let things bethe way they were for now and see where they would lead? Or was it possible that she could have both Jack and David?

	Paula felt so confused, so full of anger and hurt. She had been through so much, yet she still thought that there was some way, some miracle way, that her life could get better. She wanted to believe that despite all of the hurt and tragedy she had suffered through in the past few years, there was a light at the end of her tunnel; that there was some way for her to be happy again. But how could she find happiness when she had chosen to stay with Jack? How could anything good come out of a marriage that seemed so wrong? How could she ever be sure that David would not leave her? How could she trust a man who had cheated on his wife and his children without any remorse or guilt?

	Paula thought about all of this one night as she lay in bed, alone. She kept replaying the scene over and over again in her head: Sally sitting on the edge of the sofa; David standing in front of her, looking absolutely terrified; Sally telling him to leave and never come back. The look on his face as he left made Paula feel guilty for having feelings forhim. She thought about how she had made Sally so happy and how it was all over now because of her. For months after that, Paula was afraid to leave her apartment for fear that David could still be there, waiting to take her. Eventually she got over that fear and was able to move around without being afraid all the time. She began to feel safe and happy again; she began to think about where things would go from here.

	It wasn’t long before David tried calling her again, begging her to meet him and telling her that he loved her. Paula did not answer his calls because she knew what to expect from him now. But he continued calling, leaving messages on her answering machine and sending messages through Sally’s husband, Jack. At first Jack just told her that David wanted to speak to her, but it didn’t take long before Jack told her that David was coming over with the kids because their mother had asked him to take them away for a few days. Jack pleaded with Paula to meet with David so that they could work things out between them because he knew that his wife had been lying to him about a lot of things, one of them being her affair with David.Paula told Jack no again and again until she had to tell him to stop calling. She was angry with Jack for what he had done and she wanted nothing to do with him or the kids. She did not want to be involved in their lives ever again. At that point, Jack called Sally’s parents and told them that she was sick and in the hospital. She needed them more than ever, he said. He told them to go see their daughter and check up on her, even though they had only seen her in months or years.

	So the parents went to see Sally in the hospital and she made Jack promise that he would never mention Paula’s name while they were there. She asked him not to make any mention of what had happened between them or that she was involved in some kind of scandal or something. She said she would handle it herself when they left and she was ready to come home again because she didn’t want anyone else knowing about what was happening behind closed doors. So Sally’s parents went home and Jack went back to his life.

	Paula continued living her own life, doing all the things which Sally used to do as well. She went out shopping with Sally’smother, who talked about getting another dog, just like Sally had wanted. She watched the kids, even though it was hard for her to keep them from being around Jack. She drove the little ones to preschool and she cooked dinner for her husband after work, just like Sally used to do.

	And one night she felt a sharp stabbing pain in her head and then she saw blood on the dark floor of her bedroom. It was leaking from between her legs and it was dripping onto the carpet like water from an open faucet. She sat up in bed and screamed for help but the pain was so bad that she fainted before anyone could hear her cries for help.

	When she woke up again, she saw Sally sitting on the edge of her bed. She had never seen Sally look so sick, but then again she never really looked sick to begin with. Her skin was yellow and her eyes looked sunken in and Paula wondered if it was just because of how pale Sally had always been or if maybe there was another reason for it. Her hair was long and blond, falling over her shoulders in soft waves down to her waist. Sally kept looking down at the floor, not meeting Paula’s eyes, and she held a thin piece of paperin her hands. The sight made Paula’s stomach hurt but she couldn’t stop staring at Sally. She knew that this was the moment where things would change forever. She found it funny that the moment was so peaceful and quiet; Sally, sitting on her bed, holding a piece of white paper in her hands.

	Sally was speaking but Paula couldn’t understand what she was saying because of all the blood that seemed to be rushing past her ears. She thought that maybe it was just too quiet in her room so she turned up the volume on the stereo but then there was still no sound coming from Sally’s mouth. She reached out her hand to touch Sally and pull her towards her but when she touched Sally’s face it was icy cold and hard.

	Paula fell back onto the bed in shock but then the next second she jumped up as fast as she could and stared at Sally, who was standing over her. She opened her mouth to speak but all that came out of her mouth was blood. It dripped from her lips and onto the white paper which Sally clutched in one hand as it turned a dark red color like fresh blood. She began to scream again but no sound came out of hermouth.

	She began to feel faint and she couldn’t pull her eyes away from Sally’s face, which appeared to be frozen in time. She was wearing a bright red lipstick, with lines of black mascara and foundation drawn over top of it. Her eyes were outlined in black eye-liner and her hair was full of hairspray with strands sticking up everywhere.

	One strand in particular hung down over the bridge of Sally’s nose and it became increasingly clear to Paula that Sally was dead.

	The door flew open and Paula saw Jack and Lily standing there. They ran over to Sally’s bedside, but before they were able to touch her, she disappeared from the bed and they were left standing alone in the room.

	Jack looked behind him at Paula on the bed and said, “Paula? What happened?”

	Paula didn’t respond because she couldn’t think of what to say. She looked down at the white sheets that were now soaked with Sally’s blood. She didn’t want to look too closely at her friend who lay dead on the white sheets because she knew that it was going to remind her of what she had done.

Paula wondered if Jack knew what happened, but she didn’t ask him because she didn’t want to talk about it. She looked up at her son and he was crying in the corner, holding a bottle of nail polish.

She reached out and took his hand.

	“Mama? What happened?” Josh asked as he looked up into Paula’s face with wide-eyes.

	Paula tried to form words, but couldn’t get the words out because it was all too much to process. Lily brought a small pillow and placed it over her mother’s face. Lily was crying and Josh looked helplessly at them both, but he wasn’t able to do anything about it.

	Paula heard a knock on the door and expected it to be one of their older kids coming home from school or something, but when she pulled back the covers, she saw Sally standing there with David.

	Sally walked over to Jack and put her arm around him and then looked at Paula as if something were about to happen. The next thing Paula knew, the pillow that Lily was holding smashed into her face and then everything became darkness again.