 Anna Cooper entered the office, a middle-aged black woman with a kind face. She wore a white uniform shirt and black pants that fit perfectly, even if her employer, Mrs. Miller, was not a size six. Mrs. Miller was sitting behind the principal’s desk, typing into her computer. A computer Anna Cooper had never seen before and would not have known how to use if it had been offered to her.

She stood at attention in front of the desk. She was a janitor and she wanted to show respect for her office, but mainly because there was no one else around. Her first day on job she had come early to get a feel for the place, and now she was waiting patiently.

Anna Cooper did not know if she would enjoy working for Mrs. Miller yet. But at least she had her looks going for her, and that was more than most of the other janitors at the school could say. Anna Cooper realized that she was being hard on herself. She was pretty, but she was also old. Not old in years, but certainly in looks. And she knew that Mrs. Miller thought she looked like a grandmother-type person, which wasn’t a compliment in Anna’s opinion. But she was almost forty and did not want to look like she was twenty-five. She had been so young when her daughter died.

Anna Cooper felt that the principal did not even know her name yet, but Anna Cooper knew Mrs. Miller’s and had studied it carefully in case the principal expected to be called by her first name. It was a complicated one, Karen, but Anna was ready for it.

Finally the door opened and Karen walked into the room. Anna could tell at once that something was bothering her. “Mrs. Miller?” she said as she approached the desk, then stopped briefly to give the principal more space. “I’m Anna Cooper.”

Mrs. Miller held out her hand and said quickly, “Please call me Karen. We need to be on first name terms, Anna. So I hear you are an excellent janitor and that you come highly recommended.”

Anna Cooper knew that the principal was trying to be friendly, but she was feeling off-put by the woman. And she didn’t like to be called Janitor instead of by her title. But she wanted it known that she didn’t take any nonsense from anyone. “I am not a janitor, Mrs. Miller. I have a title and I wish you would use it when addressing me.”

There was a brief silence after this statement, but then the principal said in an apologetic tone, “Of course you are, Anna. You are the head janitor and that’s what everyone calls you, right?”

“No! That is not correct. I am the Director of Facilities Management. Please call me by my title, Mrs. Miller. Or Ms Cooper if you prefer to be polite.”

Karen frowned at this and then said, “Well, I’ll just call you Janitor Cooper. It’s easier that way. Now, I need to know if you have any special talents in cleaning supplies? Do you use a certain kind of mop? How do you like to clean the floors?“

It was clear that Karen was trying to cover up for her earlier rudeness, but Anna Cooper wasn’t going to let her off the hook. She was offended by the term Janitor and it was also clear that Karen Miller had a problem with following orders. She was already starting to suspect that this would not be a good working relationship.

However, while this is something that she could work with, there were much more pressing issues. Anna Cooper needed to know what kind of writing was on the chalkboards and whether or not there were any more symbols that matched the one Daniel had shown her.

“I have no special talents in cleaning supplies,” Anna Cooper said directly. She figured this would get the discussion going again in the right direction.

“Well, that’s just great! We’re going to have a nice long talk about this,” Karen Miller snapped.

“I think that is a bad idea,” Anna Cooper responded, “But it seems to me that you have an agenda and I don’t think it has anything to do with helping me out. So I suggest we end this conversation right here.”

The principal looked at the janitor for a second and then seemed to deflate. “Okay, but if that symbol shows up again, even on the back of a piece of paper in the trash can, I want to know about it first thing. Do you understand?”

One of the most obvious aspects of symbolism on the chalkboard is that it includes pictures of crucifixion.

Crucifixion is an old form of execution in which someone is nailed to a wooden cross. Crucifixion was originally meant as a form of punishment for those who were considered evil or heretics. Crucifixion was widely practiced by the Romans, but became increasingly unpopular in Western Europe.

Crucifixion was outlawed in some countries during the Middle Ages, but it was still practiced in England until 1853, and remained a legal method of execution in some of the world until very recently. Crucifixion is an extremely unusual method of execution for modern times, and it has been used mostly by people who are considered to be fringe groups or religious extremists.

Flailing crucifixions is a specific form of crucifixion where the victim is tied and whipped before being nailed to a cross. Flailing crucifixions refers to the violent whipping that usually accompanies crucifixion. Flailing is not an official part of the method of crucifixion, but it does occur often in countries that still practice it. Flailing is typically done with sharp metal rods or other implements, and often includes brutal beatings. The beating takes place while the cross is being raised off of the ground, and flailing is supposed to make the crucifixion more painful. Crucifixions are sometimes depicted in art, including famous works on the subject by Michelangelo and Leonardo da Vinci. Flailing crucifixions are more common in modern times than flogging deaths, but depictions of both continue to appear in mainstream art.

Flailing crucifixions have been condemned by many religious leaders over the years. During the Middle Ages, flailing was condemned by Pope Gregory IX, who called it a sacrilegious act.

Crucifixion is an extreme form of torture, and it is still a fairly common form of execution in some parts of the world. The method of crucifixion involves tying a person to a cross and leaving them to die slowly from the weight of their body. The person is also often beaten before being nailed to the cross, and this beating often includes flogging. The victims are often left to starve for several days before being crucified, and they may be left in this state for several days. Most people who are flogged in this way do not survive the first day, and many do not survive much longer than that.

The act of drawing a flailing crucifixion on a school blackboard is considered to be dark and disturbing. Many people consider it to be a sign of mental illness or demonic presence in the area. This opinion usually reflects the opinion that the person who drew it believes there is something dark and sinister about themself, and they are expressing this belief by drawing it on the school blackboard.

The children at the school do not tend to pay much attention to the drawings on the blackboard, but one of them does take time to draw a picture of a man on fire inside a school bus. This picture is drawn in pencil and has been colored with bright yellow crayons. The school bus is moving, and the children in the picture are running away from the burning man.

The picture is drawn to scale, and it shows several children running away from a burning man who is falling out of a school bus. The children are running because they are looking for safety, and they cannot find it.

The school bus catches on fire, and the children inside it are trying to escape. They do not know where they are supposed to go for safety. Their teacher has left them alone in the school bus while she goes to the library to look at adult magazines. She does this every day, but nobody seems to notice that she is doing this. The children have never seen their teacher have sex in a school bus, nor have they seen her having sex anywhere else. They have never seen her having sex with anyone else. They do not know what she does when she is gone all of these nights, and they do not know where she goes when she leaves them during school hours.

The children do not want to leave the school bus. They want to be near their teacher, and they want to be around other children. They think that they are safe in the school bus with their teacher. They think that they will be safe with their teacher forever, but this is not true, because their teacher is a demon from the netherworld, and she eats children while feeding on their life force.

The children are all terrified and screaming as the fire spreads throughout the school bus. The fire is very hot, and it makes them suffer a lot. They are screaming because they are in pain, but nobody comes to save them, because this school is the home of many demons. Nobody wants to cross through these walls and enter this school, which means that no one can help the children inside of the burning school bus.

One of the school children is a blond-haired, blue-eyed child who looks like he is about twelve years old. He is not fat or very thin, but he has a slight build and narrow shoulders. He has dark hair. His features are not distinctly Nordic, but they are not noticeably African either. Dark shadows cover most of the school-bus windows, so it is hard to see inside of the school bus at night. The dark shadows on the outside make it seem like there is a thick blanket covering the windows, keeping everyone inside of the bus from seeing what is happening outside. The thick blanket on the windows is not really a blanket; it is the shadow of evil forces that have taken over the school.

The blond-haired blue-eyed child sees an opportunity and goes to one of the windows to look outside. He does not want to scream, because he wants to find out why his friend is on fire in real life. The dark shadows that have covered the windows are actually a veil of darkness, which means that it is almost impossible for anyone inside of the school to see anything outside. The door to the school is locked.

The school-bus lights are off, and the only light that is shining inside of the school is the dim yellow glow from a streetlamp on a nearby corner. It is dark. It is also the kind of dark that hides secrets, so it seems ominous and disturbing to the blond-haired blue-eyed child. It seems like darkness has taken over this school, which makes it appear like a building full of evil forces.

The blond-haired blue-eyed child looks out the window again. His friend is still on fire, but there are now more people on fire. There are many people on fire, and they all seem to be screaming. The people on fire are also running around inside of the school and trying to get out through the windows. The dark forces are making them feel pain, so they run around and try to escape it. Dark forces are chasing them, which makes them run even faster. They run through the school in an effort to get away from their attackers. The school is a maze of hallways and classrooms, which makes it difficult for the children to get away from the darkness. Dark forces are chasing them. They become more frantic as the chase continues, and they begin to trip and fall over chairs, desks, and trash cans. Dark forces reach out and drag them into empty rooms, where they are killed.

School is supposed to be a safe place for children, but this feels like a very unsafe place. It feels like everybody has gone mad at the school, but nobody cares about how these poor children feel. Nobody cares about how this school is being ruined. The school is being made into a gateway that will allow dark forces from another dimension to come into our world and destroy it. Dark forces are killing the students, who go to this school in order to learn. They do not come here in order for their lives to be destroyed. They do not come here expecting to be killed by a monster.

Anna Cooper and Karen Miller are still in the boiler room. The evil spirits of the school have come with them, and they are attacking Anna Cooper and Karen Miller as well. They attack Anna Cooper with punches and kicks, and they try to strangle her. They also try to choke Karen Miller to death. Anna Cooper does not have any superpowers, so she is unable to fight these evil spirits on her own. She is trapped in the boiler room, and she does not know what to do. She calls for help, but nobody comes to rescue her. The boiler room is cold and dark. There is a huge furnace that is burning with deadly fire, and there are large pipes that release steam from the furnace into the air. The temperature in this boiler room is very high, and it feels like all of the moisture has been sucked out of the air. It feels like a furnace.

The boiler room reminds Anna Cooper of certain places in which she has done her laundry. She likes to do her laundry at laundromats, because the machines in her apartment do not work very well. She has to use the laundromat machines if she wants to wash her clothes, because she does not have any hot water.

The boiler room has a strong fire smell, and there is a steamy sound coming from the pipes in the walls. There are no lights in the boiler room, which means that it is very dark. The darkness does not bother Anna Cooper much, because she can still see pretty clearly. Her pupils move back and forth to adjust to the changing levels of light. She moves her eyes back and forth as she hears the steam flowing through the pipes in the boiler room.

She moves her eyes to look at the furnace. It is very hot, and steam is coming out of it in a steamy white-colored plume. The boiler room sounds like a factory. It sounds like the sound of a factory where steel is made in a blast furnace, and big machines operate with loud banging sounds. The banging sounds are similar to the sound that metal things make when they are dropped on the floor or when a heavy metal tool is moved around.

The boiler room looks like an industrial place. It looks like a factory or an office. It is very dirty in there. There are dust and dirt all over the floor, and there are cobwebs in the corners of the room. There is also a smell of old dust and dirt.

There are some large round pipes that seem to be made of steel, along with some thick metal tubes. There is a big steel gate near the furnace at the far end of the boiler room.

The boiler room is filled with pipes and pipes, tubes and tubes, pumps and valves, all kinds of valves and switches, some giant round iron pipes that are connected to the furnace. The place looks like a junkyard. Everything is rusty and dirty.

She moves her eyes from here to there in the boiler room. She walks around looking at different things. Her brain is thinking about what happened to Lily Washington. She is not feeling very happy, and she wants to get out of the boiler room.

A door opens at the back of the boiler room behind her, and Karen steps through it. She closes the door behind her.

Karen does not look happy either. Her eyes are red, and her face is pale. It looks like she has been crying.

Karen Miller’s footsteps echo loudly as she walks toward her. The boiler room gets dark slowly, and there is a small glimmer of light on the floor near Karen.

“Well, well. You really did it this time, didn’t you?” she says angrily.

Karen moves her hands quickly through the air as if trying to calm herself. Anna is confused, because “do what” doesn’t make any sense. She is looking at Karen with bewildered eyes, but she does not say anything.

Karen is still moving her hands through the air in front of her face, and she is talking too fast for Anna to understand. “It’s all your fault, Cooper! It’s all your fault that Lily Washington got hurt.”

Karen stops moving her hands in the air and turns around to look at Anna. She is looking directly into her eyes, but she is not saying anything now. Anna looks away from Karen’s eyes because it makes her nervous. Anna Cooper is getting closer to Karen, and she sees that there are tears on her cheeks now. Karen has never cried before, so this makes Anna curious.

Karen looks at Lily and then back at Anna. “I guess you know that if you rescue Lily now, we’re all going to be rescued, Cooper. Right?” she says.

Anna Cooper is shaking her head. “Yeah, I know that! But what do you want me to rescue Lily from?” she asks.

Karen shakes her head and holds out her hands as if she is trying to grab Anna’s arms. “What are you talking about, Cooper? You know exactly what I’m talking about,” she says.

Anna takes a step backwards with her arms folded across her chest. “I don’t know what you want, Karen! You need to tell me what you want me to do!” she insists.

Karen looks down at the floor, then she looks back up at Anna. “No! I have to show you, Cooper! I have to show you everything that is going on here,” she says.

Anna Cooper looks over at the door and then down at the floor. She does not like what she is seeing, and she has a bad feeling about what Karen wants her to do. She thinks that Karen is not telling her the truth, and she does not believe her anymore. “Okay! Whatever you think you have to do! But I’m afraid I can’t wait much longer. The others will come looking for me soon, and I know that you won’t be able to keep them out of here for much longer than –” Anna is interrupted by a sudden sound – the sound of footsteps coming from outside the door.

“Cooper! Cooper, are you in there?” Karen calls out. She places her hand onto the doorknob and tries to open it.

But it is no use. The door is locked from the outside. Out of desperation, she bangs on the door with her fist, screaming: “Cooper! Cooper!”

Daniel Cooper has finally arrived. Anna hears his footsteps coming down the hallway as he approaches the boiler room.

Anna sighs in relief and picks up the mop once more, looking down at the floor and at the puddle of water that she just cleaned up. She wonders how she is ever going to get out of this mess.

Monday, May 25, 2015.