    Julia Martin lay in her bed. She was trying to calm down and slow her breathing. The images in her head were becoming clearer and clearer. She could see the townspeople as they walked about in their normal routine, going about their business. They looked pretty normal, but they were missing something that Julia couldn’t put her finger on, but she knew that she would know it when she saw.

She could see people walking by the grocery store, and suddenly a strange aura appeared around the door of the store. The aura was a very bright white light, and Julia found herself feeling afraid for no apparent reason. Julia started to feel a sense of dread, and she didn’t understand why. Her eyes started to tear up, and a lump formed in her throat. She felt scared, and she felt like she had to run away. She ran as fast as she could away from the grocery store, but still she felt like something was coming after her.

The light from the grocery store seemed to follow Julia wherever she ran, always remaining just out of reach. The townspeople now seemed to be changing in Julia’s vision. She could see that they had begun a process of degeneration. The people around her were becoming more and more strange.

They were losing their bodies, and now they were nothing but gray masses, moving about the streets in a ghostly fashion. No longer did they have any discernible faces or bodies; all that she could see was a mass of moving gray clouds. They moved among the stores like a cloud of smoke, occasionally forming into a face or an animal and then dissipating again.

They seemed to be looking straight at Julia, but she couldn’t quite tell if they were even aware of her. They were moving in a very strange manner, with no apparent destination in mind. They glided from the streets into people’s homes and back again, making no sense whatsoever. Now the townspeople were trying to enter her own home.

As soon as they entered, they vanished, leaving behind only gray ash on the floor. She tried to close her eyes so that she might not be forced to look upon these bizarre ghosts, but she found that she was unable to.

She opened them again, and found herself staring at the entrance to her own home. In front of her was a young man with no face or body, who seemed to be holding an arm outstretched towards her. It was as if he were beckoning her to follow him, but there was nothing she could do. She had no legs with which to move, only a cloud of moving gray ash. Still, it appeared that whatever he was beckoning her to follow him into had a definite destination in mind; it wasn’t just wandering aimlessly through people’s homes.

More and more of these silhouettes started to appear before her. For some reason she did not question this occurrence; it was as if she had come to accept the fact that these ghosts would be coming into her house. They entered from every side, and though they had no feet they were able to make their way through the floor as if it were water. They seemed to want not only to enter her house, but also to remain inside.

She could see them clearly now, because they had all taken on the gray color of her home. She saw that they were all people she knew in one form or another, and many of them had faces that had been torn apart or sliced off, a terrible sight. They didn’t seem to be aware of that, though; they simply stood there waiting for her to follow them into her home. She knew that she had to do it.

She was led into the living room, and saw that her house had been invaded by these gray silhouettes. At first she thought that they were looking at her, but then realized that they were all looking past her towards a house at the end of the street where a woman lived with her two children. The silhouettes were coming forward in a line, and they began to move towards the woman’s house.

Thelma Bates was now standing in front of Julia, and she was pointing to the house down the street. She could see the silhouette of Thelma become more distinct in the gray cloud that surrounded them both.

“That’s where it all starts to go awry. That’s where it begins, and then before you know it, the visions are everywhere. Each one more terrible than the last.”

Thelma began to walk down the street towards the woman with her two children. Julia wanted to go and warn her, but she was unable to move from where she was standing. She tried to call out, but could not force any sounds out of her mouth. She could see Thelma walking slowly down the street with the other silhouettes in her wake. When Thelma reached the woman’s house, she gestured for Julia to follow her. This time, Julia was able to make sounds, and she began to yell at Thelma, “What are you doing?”

“We have to show them what’s going on. We can’t let them enter that house without knowing what they are getting into,” Thelma said as she turned to Julia.

Julia continued to yell, “But they will get hurt! And so will you!”

As much as Julia wanted to stop what was happening, she could not muster up the strength to move. She tried again to yell and move her body, but both were still impossible. She heard a door open and then the sound of footsteps on the floor of the house. The figure of the woman appeared at the window and began to stare at Julia and Thelma. She stared with such fright that it frightened Julia even more.

The figure of the woman slowly turned away from the window, but she did not enter the room. Instead, she raised her hand and began to hit herself in the face over and over again.

Julia tried to yell louder, but she was still entirely incapable of moving. She was glad that Tim was in the house with them, but he was too far away for her to call out loud enough for him to hear. She wanted to scream so that he would help her, but she was mute. Thelma had jumped back and was waving to get Tim’s attention, but he did not seem to notice.

Finally, Julia made the effort to step forward even though it hurt and pulled Thelma with her. She called out to Tim and finally he turned around. It looked like Thelma was holding his left arm and Julia was holding his right. He stopped and stared at them, unable to believe what they were doing.

“Don’t come in here!” Thelma yelled at him. “Just stay in the hall!”

Tim was frozen with fear and confusion. “What are you doing?” he asked quietly.

Julia took a deep breath and turned to Thelma. “Please get me out of here,” she said with difficulty, her voice barely audible. “I think that I’m going to be sick.”

Thelma nodded and reached for the door, but a loud crashing noise made her freeze in her tracks. Julia had turned around and saw the large dark figures moving towards them. It did not quite look like they were moving, but more like they were flowing. Then the other door opened and the little girl came walking slowly into the room.

“I am here with your doctor,” she said calmly and smiled at Julia. “He says that he will be able to help you relax and get your thoughts and feelings in order.”

Thelma moved quickly to the girl’s side and forced her back out of the door. She turned around to face the doctor.

“What are you doing here? Why are you treating my daughter this way? Why can’t I come in there with her?”

The doctor looked around the room, as if searching for an answer. He found none and started to move towards the door. “I need to talk to the patient alone, Mrs. Bates. Please wait in the hallway and out of sight until I call you back in.”

The doctor moved to the door and held it open, but Thelma had moved out of his way. She stood calmly in front of him, blocking his exit.

“No sir. You will not move from this office until you explain your intentions to this young lady and me and our doctor.”

The doctor seemed to stare at her for a full minute before he spoke again. “Are you the patient’s mother?”

She nodded.

“Do you believe your daughter needs medical or psychiatric treatment?”

Thelma moved her head slowly in a nod and waited for the doctor to speak. His voice was very calm and monotone as he replied, “I believe your daughter may need medical treatment, but not psychiatric therapy at this time. I recommend that she be seen at the local hospital, where we can give her medical attention and keep her under sedation until the medication starts to take effect.”

Thelma pulled her body straighter and showed no emotion on her face. “We will provide those services here, Doctor.”

The doctor shook his head slowly. “I cannot recommend that course of action. I believe it would be in the best interest of your daughter for her to be seen by a specialist at the hospital in Raleigh.”

Thelma nodded slowly and lowered her head. “You will cooperate with us, Doctor. If you don’t, I will have you dismissed from this hospital and never allow you to practice medicine again in this county. I am an officer of the law and know how these matters are handled.”

Timothy Jenks stood and walked swiftly to the door. He opened it and stepped out into the hall. Thelma followed quickly. “Come with me, young lady,” she said as she led Julia out the door.

Thelma walked silently down the corridor and stopped in front of a closed door. They turned to look at Julia. She was trembling on the verge of panic. “Don’t worry, honey. It will be okay,” Thelma said as she entered the room and closed the door behind her. She walked to the bed and sat on the edge beside Julia.

Julia looked up at Thelma and started to cry. “What are they going to do with me, Mama?”

Thelma’s expression changed from one of seething anger to that of a loving mother. She walked slowly to Julia, put her arms around her, and held her close. “Oh, honey. I’m sorry. They are not going to do anything except listen to you and help you get well.”

“They? What do you mean? You mean they will just listen to me talk about this stuff? That’s all? ”

As she spoke, Thelma realized that Julia was thinking of going to a psychiatrist. She was relieved that the town doctor refused to heed Thelma’s request. Now, looking into her daughter’s face, she could see the fear and uncertainty that Julia was facing. “Yes, honey. They will listen to you and—“

Suddenly there was a sound at the door. Thelma turned and saw Karen Jones standing in the doorway of the bedroom. “The doctor wants to talk to you, Dr. Martin. They moved up your appointment.”

Thelma turned back around to face Julia and continued, “They moved up your appointment because I insisted they do so.” She smiled reassuringly at her daughter and then added, “They are going to help you get well and I am sure everything will be fine.”

Julia hesitated, then asked, “So why are you crying?” Thelma turned away as the tears streamed down her face. Julia looked at Karen for understanding, but she had already gone back into the kitchen.

In the next few minutes, it became clear to Julia that more than one person in town was disturbed by the recent events. First, Julia’s friends avoided her, and when she spoke to them on the telephone they had little to say about anything. Then, one day a group of high school girls came by Julia’s house and began screaming at her.

“You are possessed by the devil! Get out of town! Go away! We don’t want you here anymore! Get out of town or we will kill you!” Julia was taken completely by surprise her and did not know how to react. She began crying uncontrollably.

Thelma came running out of the house with a pan in her hand, screaming at the girls to leave her daughter alone. Thelma then turned her attention back to Julia and said, “Julia, I’m so sorry. Please don’t cry. Just leave when you can and never come back here again. Please stop crying Julia, for my sake if not your own.”

Julia stood outside her house, crying and listening to the screams of the girls moving up the street. Finally, Julia left her house and ran as fast as she could into town. She ran until she could no longer run. She found herself at the town square, collapsed on the grass crying and gasping for air. She was breathing so heavily that it was difficult for her to speak, but Julia managed to say, “I don’t know what’s happening to me. I don’t think I can stay here anymore. Please help me! Please do something! Please make this stop!”

Julia did not know what else to say. She was exhausted and out of breath. Julia felt alone and scared. Julia sat in the town square, surrounded by trees and empty benches, and cried. Julia cried because she was scared, because she felt alone, because she did not know how to fix what was happening to her, and because she just did not want to feel this way anymore.

Eventually, Timothy Jenks found Julia sitting on the grass in the town square crying. “Julia?” Timothy asked as he approached Julia. “Are you okay? Do you need help?” “Timothy!” Julia exclaimed as she stood up and ran into Timothy’s arms. Julia held Timothy tightly. “Thank god you came to save me,”

Timothy Jenks was a middle aged man in his forties with messy brown hair and a red face. He wore jeans, a t-shirt, and a plaid flannel shirt. Timothy was Julia’s neighbor. Timothy had come to console Julia on several occasions before.

Timothy Jenks held Julia tightly. “What is wrong, Julia?” he asked holding her close. “Timmy I am just so scared! I am having these horrible nightmares about everyone hating me and my boyfriend moving away! I just don’t know what to do!”

Timothy Jenks looked down at Julia. “Well then, you’re going to have to come with me to my house, and we can talk about it some more.” Timothy put his arms around Julia and they walked to Timothy Jenks house.

Timothy Jenks house was very small. It had a single bedroom, a kitchen, and a bathroom. There were no closets or cupboards in the house. Timothy had an old refrigerator in the kitchen and he often stored food in an old oil barrel in the backyard. Timothy Jenks had lived here his whole life, and he knew everyone in town. Everyone knew Timothy Jenks as a friendly guy; he was honest and direct, but did not bother anyone. Everyone liked Timothy Jenks, except for Julia Martin that is. Julia thought that Timothy was a rude, disgusting old man, and she had always avoided Timothy Jenks. But now that Timothy Jenks was comforting her, all of her anger faded away.

Timothy and Julia walked into his house. Timothy Jenks moved to light the kerosene lamp on his table, but he stopped short when he saw Julia. “Oh my God!” Timothy Jenks said. “you’re bleeding!”

Timothy Jenks looked at her arm, and saw blood dripping down the front of her dress. “What happened? What did you do? How could you do this to yourself?” Timothy asked in shock.

Julia looked down at herself and said “I don’t know, I don’t know how it happened!” She was very confused, she didn’t remember hitting herself with a rock or a knife. She looked at Timothy Jenks and said “there are scratches all over me, too. I don’t know how that happened! What did you do to me?”

Timothy didn’t answer her question. Instead he said “someone did this to you! Someone attacked you and hit you with a rock! You say you don’t remember doing it, but you must have done it because there are scratches all over your face, and there is blood dripping down your arms. You must have done this to yourself!”

Timothy Jenks continued “you say you don’t remember doing it, but it must be your fault!”

Julia Martin looked in Timothy Jenks eyes and said “I didn’t do it. I didn’t hurt myself!” She was starting to cry. “Why are you blaming me for this? I didn’t do it! It wasn’t my fault. This isn’t my fault! Stop blaming me for something I didn’t do! I didn’t hurt myself. Why are you doing this? Please stop… please!”

Timothy Jenks looked in Julia Martin’s face. Suddenly, his expression changed and he became angry. He shouted “you did do it! You did hurt yourself! You hit yourself with a rock and scratched your arms all up! You did this to yourself, and now you are blaming me for it. You can tell everybody that I did this to you, but we both know that you did it. Why won’t you admit it? Stop lying! Admit what you did to yourself!”

He was getting louder and angrier, as he continued “you did do this to yourself. You have been acting strange since you burned your arm last week, and now suddenly you are accusing me of attacking you with that rock. Nobody believes your lies anymore! I told the truth about what happened with that rock, and everybody knows it! Now everybody is going to believe me, because you are acting so strange. Stop blaming me for your own actions! I know that you are doing this on purpose, and now I am going to prove it.”

With a look of determination on his face he grabbed Julia by the shoulders and shook her very hard. He shouted “I know what you did. You don’t have to hide it anymore! I have figured it all out! You did something so awful, that you can’t even fathom what happened then. That is why you are trying to blame me now. I saw the proof of what you did, and I am not going to tell anybody what it was that you did. But just know this; you don’t have any friends left. Nobody trusts you anymore, because they all know that you are lying about everything!”

Joe Wheeler heard Timothy Jenks yelling at Julia outside, but didn’t pay much attention until he heard Julia scream. He ran out the door and saw Timothy Jenks shaking her very hard. He tried to pull him off of her, but Jenks was way too strong. “Stop it!” he yelled at him, as Tim continued to shake her violently. Tim turned around and glared at him. “What are you doing here? You are a lousy reporter, so why are you here?”

Startled by Jenks’ sudden appearance in front of him, Joe replied “I came to see if Julia was okay. She is my friend and I just wanted to see if she was alright.”

Jenks scoffed at him as he continued to shake Julia. “Why should I care that she is your friend? You aren’t even part of this community! Why should we trust you? Why don’t you just leave her alone, and go back to your fancy life.”

Joe reached out to grab Jenks by the arm. Tim slapped his hand away, and then began to push him backwards towards the door. As they neared the door, Julia regained her balance and stood up to try and calm them down again. “Stop it both of you!” she exclaimed.

Tim stopped pushing him and glared at her as he replied, “You need to stop causing all of this trouble. People are starting to act really strange around me, and I don’t want anyone talking about me! You are making people act really strange!”

Julia was taken aback by his tone and words as she tried to think of a reply. She decided to try a different approach than before as she replied, “That is not what I am doing at all. I never caused any trouble in my life, and you know it. I want to go home!”

Timothy looked at her in shock as he shouted, “You just want to go home because nobody believes a word you say anymore! My friends have been acting strange around me ever since you started showing up here. Do you have any idea how hard it is to get a job when people are afraid of you?”

Julia did not know what to say as she began to feel more and more upset. The emotions that she had been keeping down inside of her were becoming harder to keep under control. She was still struggling to understand what was happening as she stammered, “I never told anybody about…what I saw! Nobody knows what I saw!”

Her voice began to crack as she started to feel like crying. Julia took a deep breath and continued, “Nobody knows that I saw…that…that man who killed those women! Nobody can talk to me about visions because I didn’t say anything about them!”

Julia started to cry as she continued, “I just want to know why these things keep happening and stop! Why are they happening to me?”

She continued with tears streaming down her face, “Why is Julia doing these things? What is making me see these visions? What is making my dreams so frightening? Why are you all treating me like this? Why is everybody turning on me? Why don’t you believe that I am innocent of all of this! Why do you think that I am guilty?”

Julia sobbed as she stumbled back towards her bedroom. She could no longer hold back her tears as she cried, “I know that I was right to stay at home, but now I am scared to go out again! It doesn’t matter how many times you tell me I am safe, I don’t know if you are telling the truth!”

Julia sobbed again as she fell onto the bed and wept loudly into her pillow. She tried to block out all of the negative thoughts that were going through her head and shouted aloud, “I have to get these things out of my mind! I can’t sleep with them in there anymore!”

She lay on the bed sobbing as she thought about her dreams. Then, she gradually started to calm herself down and fell into a restless sleep. In her dream, she saw a man who appeared to be walking through the town square. She suddenly realized that it was in fact the same man that she had seen in her visions.

The man walked through the town square with a grim look on his face as he passed by the statue of Lord Byron on his way down to the river. He walked right past the town hall and into a small alleyway that led to the back of the shops.

At this point in the dream, Julia started moving towards the town square. She followed after the tall, dark-haired man. The man walked along a small wooden bridge that ran over the river and down into town. The path led right through the center of town and into what appeared to be an old, abandoned building. It was covered in ivy and moss and looked to be on the verge of collapse. The bricks were cracked and peeling away from the walls of it, but one could still see faint outlines of pictures on the wall.

The town square at night.

Julia moved to the edge of the town square and looked down into the alleyway below her. She could see dim lights dancing around in the dark and hear distant sounds of people talking and laughing. She moved to look around the town square, but there was no sign of the townspeople.

Just then a small, dark-haired girl walked out from one of the shops on the town square wearing a white nightgown and holding a lantern over her head to light her way. She carried herself with an air of confidence as she walked down the steps into the darkened town square.

When Julia realized that she had been seen, she ran away from the dark-haired girl and into the dark building. She looked around for something to defend herself with. The only thing she could see before her was a hammer hanging on the wall in front of her. It was so dirty and worn that it looked like it had been there since the building had last been used.

As Julia turned to go back out into the town square, she heard footsteps behind her and turned around to see who was coming. When she did, something jabbed her in the back and knocked her to the ground. Before she could get up, someone was kneeling on top of her pinning her down. She wrapped her arms around the person’s legs and tried to kick them off of her, but she couldn’t free herself from the grip on her arms.

The figure on top of her was Timothy Jenks. Timothy looked down at Julia and smiled mockingly. “So, you decided to come back out after all?” he asked triumphantly. Julia stared at him blankly for a moment, but then suddenly a look of realization flashed across her face.

Julia was suddenly overcome with a feeling of rage, and she swung her fists around wildly while trying to kick Timothy at the same time. Suddenly, Tim let go of her and jumped away from her on the ground as if he had been burned. He sat on the ground for a second holding his hand to his cheek, looking into the air. When he looked back down at Julia, there was a look of cold fury in his eyes that she hadn’t seen before.

He took a step towards her and pointed his finger at her in accusation. “You think you can just come into my town and screw with everyone’s minds with these visions? You know they’ve almost killed Karen? And your little sister has been crying herself to sleep for weeks now? You think we’re just going to let you get away with that? You have no idea who you’re messing with. Julia!”

Julia suddenly snapped out of her rage and looked at him in surprise. “What do you mean, what do I mean? What do you think I mean? Do you assume that I am one of your little townspeople who can have its mind changed by some stupid vision? I came here to tell you the truth about the visions and about what they are doing to my family and to Karen. But I was wrong, you don’t want to know the truth. You never wanted to know the truth, and you never will. You are just a puppet following orders like everyone else in your town.”

At this, she turned around to leave, but she stopped and turned back to face them all. “Let me tell you something about the visions. They are not real! I don’t even know what they mean. I have no idea who is generating them or why they would want to. But you do not see the horrors that I see. You do not feel the horror as I feel it, and there is no way that I can explain what the visions mean to someone like you. Because someone like me can only understand through experiencing them myself.”

She paused for a moment, and then continued. “Do you know what they look like? Do you know what the pictures that I see look like?”

The townspeople stared at her in surprise, and some started to laugh nervously.

“Don’t worry, I don’t blame you for not knowing what they look like. They are so horrible and full of pain that no one should ever have to see them.”

At this point, Julia looked at Karen Jones and said “I am going to apologize to this woman.”

Julia left the townspeople and walked over to Karen.

“Karen?”

“Yes, Julia?” replied Karen with a stern frown.

“This is the first apology that I have ever given in my life, but I would like to apologize for the pain that I have caused you. I know that you blame me for the visions, and I am sorry.”

Karen was taken aback by Julia’s apology, and she hesitated for a moment before responding.

“Thank you, Julia. I appreciate your apology.”

Julia nodded and turned to walk back to the townspeople. As she did, she heard Timothy Jenks call out to her.

“Julia! Wait!”

Julia stopped and turned to face him.

“Yes, Timothy?”

“I wanted to apologize to you for what happened. I was part of the group that attacked you, and I am sorry. I hope that you can forgive me.”