

Premise: The townspeople of a small town in the middle of nowhere start to experience terrifying visions. The town doctor can find no explanation, and as the visions become more unsettled and violent, the townspeople start to turn on each other.

Setting: The story is set in a remote town in the countryside.

Characters:
Joe Wheeler: Joe Wheeler is a young man in his early twenties.
Timothy Jenks: Timothy Jenks is a middle-aged man in his forties.
Thelma Bates: Thelma Bates is an elderly woman in her seventies.
Karen Jones: Karen Jones is a teenage girl in her mid-teens.
Julia Martin: Julia Martin is a young woman in her early twenties.


Outline:

1. Julia Martin starts to experience terrifying visions. Scene:  Characters: Julia Martin

        a. Julia Martin starts to experience terrifying visions. Scene:  Characters: Julia Martin

                i. Julia Martin starts to experience terrifying visions. Scene: Julia's home. Characters: Julia Martin

                ii. Through Julia's terrifying visions, the townspeople start to experience their own terrifying visions. Scene: different locations around the town. Characters: Julia Martin, Joe Wheeler, Karen Jones

        b. The visions become more and more unsettled. Scene:  Characters: Julia Martin

                i. Each vision becomes more horrifying than the last. Scene: different locations around the town. Characters: Thelma Bates

                ii. Julia's friends and family try to help her, but the visions continue. Scene: Julia's home. Characters: Julia Martin, Karen Jones, Timothy Jenks

2. The town doctor can find no explanation for the visions. Scene:  Characters: Julia Martin

        a. The town doctor can find no explanation for the visions. Scene:  Characters: Julia Martin

                i. The town doctor can find no explanation for the visions. Scene: the town doctor's office. Characters: Julia Martin

                ii. The town doctor recommends that Julia see a psychiatrist. Scene: the town doctor's office. Characters: Julia Martin

        b. The townspeople start to blame Julia for the visions. Scene:  Characters: Julia Martin, Joe Wheeler, Karen Jones

                i. The townspeople start to blame Julia for the visions. Scene: the town square. Characters: Julia Martin, Timothy Jenks, Karen Jones

                ii. Julia starts to feel isolated from the town. Scene: Julia's house. Characters: Julia Martin

3. The townspeople start to turn on each other as the visions become more violent. Scene:  Characters: Joe Wheeler, Karen Jones

        a. The townspeople start to accuse each other of causing the visions. Scene:  Characters: Joe Wheeler, Karen Jones

                i. Timothy Jenks accuses Julia of causing the visions. Scene: Timothy Jenks' house. Characters: Julia Martin, Timothy Jenks

                ii. Timothy Jenks attacks Julia. Scene: Timothy Jenks' house. Characters: Julia Martin, Timothy Jenks

        b. Julia's friends and family start to distance themselves from her. Scene:  Characters: Julia Martin, Joe Wheeler, Karen Jones

                i. Julia's friends and family start to distance themselves from her. Scene: Timothy Jenks' house. Characters: Julia Martin, Joe Wheeler, Karen Jones

                ii. The townspeople start to ostracize her. Scene: Timothy Jenks' house. Characters: Thelma Bates, Timothy Jenks, Julia Martin

                iii. Julia starts to unravel the mystery behind the visions. Scene: Timothy Jenks' house. Characters: Julia Martin

4. Julia finally learns the truth about the visions. Scene:  Characters: Julia Martin

        a. Julia finally learns the truth about the visions. Scene:  Characters: Julia Martin

                i. Julia learns the truth about the visions. Scene: the town square. Characters: Julia Martin

                ii. Julia confronts the townspeople. Scene: the town square. Characters: Julia Martin, Karen Jones, Timothy Jenks

        b. The townspeople learn the truth about the visions. Scene:  Characters: Karen Jones, Timothy Jenks

                i. The townspeople learn the truth about the visions. Scene: the town square. Characters: Karen Jones, Timothy Jenks

                ii. The townspeople apologize to Julia. Scene: the town square. Characters: Julia Martin, Karen Jones, Timothy Jenks