Julia Martin has always been curious.

	She is an artist, painting in a style that is both abstract and realistic. Some of her paintings are ethereal, with bright colors in strange shapes that don’t seem to make sense. Other of her paintings are realistic, depicting actual scenes and objects. Julia paints the people she sees on the streets during her walks home from school one block away from her house, or the plants she sees hanging from trees along the way. But Julia always paints herself into her paintings; she rarely depicts herself as a child, but more often as an adult woman.
	And to add to her curiosity, Julia has never known a day of her life without suffering from seizures. At first they were simple, and took place so often that she stopped paying attention to them altogether. But then her seizures started becoming more frequent and more intense, until just a couple of months ago she began experiencing them every single day.

	Julia’s seizures also affect her creativity; often, after experiencing a seizure, Julia will not be able to paint for at least a week. She has even been in and out of hospital care because of the severity of her seizures. Her doctors have told her that there is very little hope infinding any sort of cure for her condition, and that they can only offer her pain management when she is having a seizure.
	But the worst part about Julia’s condition is not the pain or the disability. The worst part of all is that it’s making Julia go crazy.

	Julia has been suffering from seizures since she was just a child, but everything changed when she went to college.

	She had always been a social person, but something about the students at her college just didn’t connect with her. She tried to make friends, but every time she did things seemed to go terribly wrong. She suffered from constant ridicule by other students, who sometimes used their words to bully her, and sometimes used physical force. Once they even made a video of themselves throwing food at her while she was having a seizure.

	The night that the video was made Julia had just gotten home from college feeling awful about herself. She hadn’t been able to paint since her last seizure, and she had no idea what was going on with her artwork. It felt like all of the beauty from her paintings had disappeared, and they had become dull and lifeless.

	She began to think that this was why she was havingseizures. That the seizure itself was affecting her artwork, and making it less beautiful.

	Julia knew that something terrible was happening to her, but she didn’t know how to stop it or what to do about it.

	Suddenly, Julia started having a severe seizure. Her entire body began to shake, and she fell face first onto her bed. The whole world went black for a few minutes as her body continued shaking and convulsing uncontrollably. Julia was afraid that something terrible would happen to her at this moment. Who knows what damage could be done to an epileptic person while they were convulsing on their bed?

	When Julia came to, she opened her eyes and looked around the room. The world was still black, but she could see shapes moving in front of her. She thought it sounded like someone was trying to talk to her, but she couldn’t hear anything. Then, suddenly, the shadows came together and formed a being. A creature with a black face and white eyes. The creature made an inhuman sound as it looked down at Julia while she laid on the bed convulsing. The monster reached down and grabbed Julia by the throat, lifting her up off of the bed. The monster started screamingas it began to drag her across the room in the dark.

	Julia wasn’t sure what was happening, but she knew that it was something terrible. All she could do now is pray that someone would come save her from this monstrous nightmare.

	Suddenly, everything went back to normal. Julia was left lying on the bed still having a seizure. It took another few seconds for Julia to come back from the shock of what just happened. She looked around expecting to see someone standing over her with a worried look on their face. But there was no one there. She was alone on her dark bedroom floor still convulsing uncontrollably.

	After another minute or so of shaking, Julia’s body finally calmed down. When she knew that she was done convulsing, she sat up on the floor and tried to catch her breath. She felt like there were needles stuck in her throat making it hard for her to breath. Her whole body ached from the recent seizure, and she had trouble getting herself off of the floor. It was even hard for Julia to speak, but she managed to say “No more” out loud.

	For Julia, this was just the most recent in a series of seizures that hadplagued her since she was a little girl. But this time was different from all the other times. She knew that whatever just happened had to do with what she saw in her vision.

	Julia got up on her feet and headed toward the other end of the hallway. She wanted to get away from the dark bedroom and take a look out each of her windows hoping for some kind of sign that someone was going to save her, but there was nothing out there except for darkness. So instead, Julia decided to take a shower so that she could at least feel clean again.

	When Julia came back downstairs and walked into the kitchen, she decided to walk by Thelma Bates’ room before going upstairs to her own room. As she was walking by Thelma’s door, there was a loud scream coming from inside the room. For a moment, Julia thought that Thelma Bates had just started having another major stroke.
	But then, Julia heard the sound of one of her grandmother’s medicine cups falling to the floor behind her bedroom door. When Julia turned around and looked at Thelma’s room, she saw her grandmother sitting in her wheelchair rocking back and forth. Thelma was crying hystericallywhile pointing over at Julia’s doorway with trembling hands.
	Thelma was shouting, “It’s coming for you, Julia! It’s coming for you!”

	Julia walked into Thelma Bates’ bedroom and sat down on the edge of her bed. It wasn’t like she could do anything to help her grandmother. If there was a monster in the house then there was probably nothing that Julia could do to stop it.
	But before she had time to think about what Thelma was saying, Julia saw something moving by her doorway. It looked like a shadow that seemed to be moving very quickly toward the hall closet and then disappeared into it. As soon as the shadow disappeared, Julia rushed out of the room and headed upstairs to her own bedroom.

	Julia made it up to her room without running into anything else odd, but she still wasn’t completely convinced that there was a monster living in the house with them. In fact, Julia knew that it could have been something else altogether. Julia thought about the first time that she had seen the dark figure standing by her doorway and how she thought that it might have been a shadow until it started moving toward her. But that was only an assumption; there had been no way for Julia to know for sure what she saw at the time. So there was a possibility that it wasn’t actually a monster at all.

	Julia went to her bed and fell asleep, hoping that she would be able to get some of the images out of her head.

	During the morning hours, Julia woke up several times but was still unable to go back to sleep because of the vivid images that kept running through her mind. But Julia was having more trouble with the visions than just being unable to get back to sleep. She was also starting to see things in other places as well.
	The last thing that Julia remembered seeing before she felt herself being pulled into another dream-like state was Joe Wheeler’s face.
	There wasn’t anything special about seeing Joe; he came over to the house often enough for Julia to know what he looked like. But somehow, even though she couldn’t remember what had happened during her vision, Julia knew that something bad was going to happen to Joe.

	Julia could hear Thelma yelling from downstairs, but the words didn’t make much sense to Julia. All of a suddenshe could feel herself being pulled away from the house and into a dark tunnel. Julia tried to resist, but the further she was pulled into her vision, the less control she had over her movements. She realized that it was no use; she would either have to let herself be pulled into whatever dream-like state she was in or allow herself to wake up.

	In the next instant, Julia found herself back in bed and covered by a thin sheet with no recollection of what had happened in between. The first thing that came to her mind when she opened her eyes was that she must have slept through the alarm and overslept for work. She quickly jumped out of bed and started to go into the bathroom. But Julia stopped when she noticed that there was someone standing there in front of the mirror. She knew it wasn’t Thelma Bates because Julia knew that her grandmother always got up at six o’clock every morning and got ready for the day before coming downstairs to eat breakfast.
	Julia turned around and noticed that it was Karen Jones who was standing there, staring at Julie with an expression on her face that Julie had never seen on Karen’s face before. Almost as soon as she saw Karen in the bathroom, Juliapushed past her and into the shower without another thought about what was going on or why it was happening to her.

	It wasn’t until after she had finished getting dressed and gone out to the kitchen that she realized what had happened. Julia remembered seeing Karen in the bathroom, but she also remembered her not being there anymore. At first, she thought that maybe she had imagined it. Maybe a small part of her mind tried to convince her that it couldn’t have happened because there was no possible explanation for what she saw. But Julia couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something very weird going on.
	The urge to ignore it won out, and Julia made her way down the stairs and into Thelma’s room. Her grandmother was still sleeping soundly in bed so Julia went into her own room and sat down at the dining table to have a quiet cup of coffee. As she took a sip of her drink, Julia heard what sounded like someone walking across the floor above her.

	Julia went down the staircase and into Thelma’s room again, just to be sure that she hadn’t imagined it. As soon as Julia entered the room, she noticed that something was wrong withThelma’s wheelchair. It wasn’t in its usual position, propped against the far wall near Thelma’s bed. Instead, it was sitting in the middle of the room and one of the wheels had been deliberately bent and destroyed.

	Julia didn’t hesitate; she immediately called Karen on her cell phone and asked if she had been to Thelma’s room earlier in the morning. Karen said no, but Julia knew that there was a big chance that she was lying about being somewhere else when the crime was committed. There were other people living in the house as well, so there was no reason for Julia to think that everyone who lived in her grandmother’s home on the hill could have been responsible for what happened in the basement.

	Julia hung up the phone and quickly returned to her room to retrieve her car keys. She wanted to go back home and look through some of her grandfather’s old books because she suspected that there might have been more information about what was happening to her in them than what she got from local doctors.

	As Julia walked down towards the car, she suddenly had a vision of herself walking through the forest and ending up in a darkcavern with a man in a black robe standing in front of her. The man looked familiar and Julia tried to remember where she had seen him before. The longer Julia stared at him, the more familiar he looked. His face reminded her of someone she knew, not just someone she had seen several times before in a crowd or on television, but someone who was actually familiar to her because he had been her friend at some point in time.

	In the vision, Julia suddenly realized that the man was a murderer and he was going to kill her by drowning her in water. Karen appeared out of nowhere and saved Julia’s life by throwing a piece of wood with nails sticking out of it through his heart.

	Julia woke up screaming; she had never experienced anything like this before and did not know what to make of it. She suspected that there was more to what was happening to her than just her being stressed out and having nightmares, but she did not know how exactly to diagnose whatever it was that she had.  She decided that it would be better not to tell anyone about what she was experiencing in case it turned out that she really was just dreaming or hallucinating or having some kind of breakdown because of the stress that came with being a artist.As she lay in bed, Julia started to feel scared about what she had seen in her visions and thought about who it could be that was out to hurt her. She suddenly realized that Karen Jones must have been involved in some way with the man who was trying to kill her, but why would she try to hurt Julia?

	Julia got up from bed and went downstairs into the kitchen in order to make herself a cup of tea. On the way downstairs, she heard a door open and close next to the kitchen door. She assumed that Thelma Bates must have gone outside for some reason, so she did not think twice about it and continued on her way to the kitchen. Julia noticed that both doors to Thelma’s room were closed again and wondered if perhaps Thelma had gone outside without shutting the doors behind her, but this thought did not really bother Julia because she was sure that Thelma would be back soon anyway and so it was not really necessary for Julia to go into Thelma’s room and check whether she was there or not.

	Julia went into the kitchen and made herself a cup of tea, but while she was doing this, she remembered seeing Karen Jones in the bathroom a little while earlier, so Julia decided to go into the bathroom to check whether or not Karen had left the house. When Julia opened the door to the bathroom, she was surprised to see that it was empty. For some reason, Julia did not feel as nervous as she had felt when she first went into Thelma’s room and discovered that Karen had gone there, so Julia returned to the kitchen without wondering about why Karen Jones was no longer in the bathroom.

	Once Julia had made herself a cup of hot tea, she sat down on one of Thelma’s chairs at the kitchen table and drank her tea.

	While Julia was drinking her tea, her thoughts kept going back to Karen Jones and she wondered how it would be possible for anyone who knew her to want to hurt or even kill her. At the same time, Julia wondered whether or not she had got the whole thing wrong and that perhaps Karen was not involved in any way with what had happened in Thelma’s room. All of a sudden, Julia realized that it did not really matter whether or not Karen was involved because as soon as she had seen her enter Thelma’s room, Julia knew that there was no way that she could have known about itbut that she had somehow found out about it anyway.

	Julia knew that she should have told someone what she had seen, but then again, perhaps she was right to keep silent because if she had told someone about what she saw then they would have decided that there was no need to be concerned about it and the whole thing would have been forgotten in no time at all.

	Julia knew from experience that strange things happened around the town, but nobody ever seemed to take notice of them anymore unless something really strange happened, which Julia thought was a good thing because if everyone in the village started to go around telling each other that they had experienced strange things then life in Greenfield would change and everybody would live in fear of what might happen next.

	Julia felt relieved when she came to the conclusion that there was no need for her to tell anyone anything because she knew that what she saw were just hallucinations. However, Julia quickly realized that just because it had been caused by hallucinations did not mean that they were safe and things could get much worse than they already were.

	The next morning, Julia woke up and went downstairs to make herself a cup of tea. She noticed that the kitchen was unusually quiet because Thelma had gone to bed earlylast night. Julia poured the hot water into a mug and then put it onto the table so that she could add some milk and sugar. She looked up and noticed that there was no one else in the kitchen, so she decided to go upstairs to her old bedroom to have a look at her old collection of comic books. When Julia got to the top of the stairs, she felt a bit uneasy about going in her old bedroom because it was where all the strange occurrences had taken place since the beginning of her hallucinations and she did not want to go there alone because she might get even more scared than she already was.

	Julia walked into her old bedroom as quietly as she could and closed the door behind her. She stood still for several seconds and took some deep breaths before starting to look at her comic books.

	Julia had come across an old copy of Spiderman No 1, which she had been saving for a long time and never got around to reading it. She picked up the comic book from where it lay on top of her old wardrobe. It looked in good condition except for a small crease in the middle which meant that it was not worth much money. However, Julia had loved Spiderman when she was younger and she decided to open thecomic book and read it.

	As Julia was reading the comic book, she started to feel really uneasy so she put it down and went out of her bedroom. She walked down the stairs as quietly as she could and then continued in a straight line towards Thelma’s bedroom because she knew that there was someone in there that might be able to help her cope with her hallucinations. She stopped at the front door and listened, trying to make out what was making all the noise. She tried listening for a moment with one ear before putting both ears back in place so that she could hear properly. Then she heard it: the sound of a chainsaw being turned on and off again, then a brief moment of silence before it started up again. Julia walked slowly towards Thelma’s bedroom door with her hands fidgeting with her hair. She took deep breaths to calm herself down but then she started stuttering again, so she stopped in the middle of the hallway and put both hands across her mouth so that she could try to stop herself from stuttering and crying out.

	As Julia was about three feet away from Thelma’s bedroom door, she paused again for a moment to listen but the chainsaw noises were suddenlystopped. Then she heard the sounds of a woman yelling “HELP ME!” over and over again.

Julia took a deep breath and tried to calm herself down, but as soon as she was close enough, she heard the sound of Thelma’s bedroom door being kicked open and a chain saw being turned on. Julia took another deep breath as she braced herself for what would happen next. She slowly opened the door and saw that no one was in the room except for Thelma. Her head was lying on its side on the floor by the bed and blood had begun to pool around her head. Thelma’s feet were sticking out from underneath the covers at one end of the bed, but there weren’t any feet on the other side of it.

	Julia became frightened and started to back away towards her bedroom door, but then she heard a loud thud coming from Thelma’s body as if someone had kicked it. Julia became even more frightened and ran back into her own bedroom.

	She shut her bedroom door tightly and took a deep breath again, trying to calm herself down as she listened to the sound of Thelma’s body beinghit again and again with a blunt object.

	At that point, Julia was so frightened that she didn’t think that she could take another second of it. She ran back out of her bedroom and down the stairs, out of the house, and into the woods before she felt safe enough to take another deep breath.

	It was dark outside, but Julia could make out the outlines of trees all around her. She didn’t know where to go, so she just started walking deeper and deeper into the woods. She kept going until her legs were too tired for her to walk any further. She sat down on a log nearby and leaned back against it, breathing heavily as she tried to regain control of herself. She closed her eyes and began to think about that night’s events as calmly as she could, but then all of the memories from the night before came back to her in a rush and she started crying uncontrollably.

	Julia continued crying until she calmed down enough so that she was able to take another deep breath and start thinking about what was happening with her. She came to the conclusion that it must be some sort of mental illness, but one that only affected her when she slept. She didn’t knowwhat to do about it, though. At least she had the thought that it only happened while she slept to comfort her. Then she fell asleep again, hoping that whatever was happening to her wouldn’t happen again tonight and hoping that if it did, that it wouldn’t cause her any physical harm.

	The next day, Julia woke up early and went to visit Thelma Bates at the hospital. She was so worried about Thelma that she forgot all about her own visions for a while. When Julia got to the hospital, though, she learned that Thelma had died during the night from a stroke caused by a heart attack.

	Julia was shocked and horrified to learn that Thelma had died so suddenly and unexpectedly. She felt guilty about it for a while, even though she knew that there was nothing that anyone could have done to save her. Julia went home after visiting the hospital and spent the rest of the day in bed, trying to keep her mind off of what had happened.

	Later that night while Julia was sleeping, something happened that made her question whether or not her visions were caused by some sort of mental illness or if they were something else entirely. While Julia slept, Mary walked into Thelma’s room. She grabbed a chainsaw and started running the saw over and over again until its motor quit working all together. Just as she went to turn it on for the sixth time, something caught her eye in the corner of the room. She looked up to see a thin dark shadow that seemed to be standing directly over Thelma’s bed. It stood there for a moment looking over Thelma’s unmoving body and then slowly disappeared into thin air.

	Mary’s vision only ended when she woke up screaming from her own bed a short while later. She got up out of bed, but decided that it would be better if she didn’t tell Julia what she had seen at the hospital that night.

	The next day, Julia decided that she wanted to speak with Karen Jones about what had happened at the hospital the night before. Karen was a teenager who lived in the same apartment complex as Julia and she was always friendly when she saw Julia out on one of her walks around town. She agreed to meet with Julia that evening, but only if it was in a public place; she didn’t want to get involved with any of the visions or hauntings that were taking place in town.