    Jenna Riley stood in the doorway of her family’s blue bungalow, sipping on a cold glass of milk. The air was warm and humid, and Jenna felt heavy in the muggy heat. She had worked the midnight shift at the diner all night long, and it was now four in the morning. Jenna was exhausted from working, and she wished that she could go home to her apartment soon. She passed a few other people on the sidewalk on her way home. They all wore clothes that were too warm for how humid it was outside that early in the morning. Jenna stopped to chat with one of her coworkers. Jenna wished that she worked during the day shift, like him. It would be easier on her body and easier for her to do errands during the day, rather than at night. She would have to wait until after ten thirty before she could go home and rest. She had time for a quick nap before she had to leave for work again.

Jenna was carrying a big brown bag of books in one hand and her keys in the other as she walked down the street. She stopped to look at a flyer about a community event. As she was looking through the pages, someone grabbed her shoulder and spun her around behind her. The mugger pressed his hand over her mouth and pulled out a gun.

“Do anything stupid,” he warned, “and I’ll shoot you in the head and leave you in this alley, just like your friend.”

He was talking about the poor girl who had been found murdered in the alley behind the diner a few weeks ago. Jenna had often walked through that same alley on her way home from work. She wished that she hadn’t been too tired this morning to walk a different route.

Jenna tried to scream, but the mugger clamped his hand tighter over her mouth. When he let go of her shoulder, Jenna took advantage and ran for the doors of the library across the street. There were several people inside, working on their laptops or sitting in cozy chairs reading magazines.

“Help!” Jenna shouted, but the people either looked up from their work or kept reading. No one bothered to come out and help her.

The mugger ran up to her, grabbed at the bag of books she was holding, and screamed, “Give me your stupid books! Now!”

Jenna dropped the plastic-wrapped books, but the mugger tripped on his own feet, allowing Jenna to escape. As he stood up, he pulled out a gun and pointed it at Jenna.

Jenna knew that she couldn’t outrun him.

“Get over here or I’ll blow your brains out,” the mugger barked.

Jenna stepped closer to the man, giving him no other choice but to pull the trigger. When a shot rang out, Jenna instinctively ducked and found herself on the ground. It felt like her cheek was burning, but she couldn’t be sure.

The mugger laughed and knelt down next to her. “You made it easy for me, bitch,” he said. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a cigarette lighter. He looked down at Jenna and smiled. “When I’m done with you, you won’t be able to walk home from your shift at the diner anymore.”

The mugger stood up and ignited the lighter. Jenna closed her eyes and felt a sharp pain in her face as the mugger pressed the hot end of the lighter against Jenna’s cheek. She heard a sizzle and when she opened her eyes, she saw the mugger staring at her.

Jenna sat up and coughed, blood spewing out of her mouth. She looked around and saw the mugger lighting another cigarette; he was still sitting on the ground next to her. Jenna screamed as loud as she could and lunged forward at the mugger, knocking him off balance. The mugger fell backwards and screamed in pain as he fell onto some broken glass.

Jenna stood up, but was too weak to get very far. She stumbled to the other side of the alley and collapsed against a wall. She looked down at her hands and saw that they were covered in blood. Her shirt was also stained with blood, and she could feel it slowly seeping into her jeans.

The mugger got back to his feet and turned around; he was holding the lighter as if preparing for another attack. Jenna’s vision started to go dark, and she stumbled forward, trying to reach the diner. She reached her arms out as if to brace herself against the wall, but all she hit were cold bricks.

Jenna then felt a sharp sting in her side; she looked down and saw that she was bleeding profusely. She slowly sank to the ground, and began coughing up more blood. The mugger walked out of the alley after he saw that Jenna was lying motionless on the ground. He picked up his sunglasses from the ground and put them back on his face.

Jenna suddenly came to, and forced herself onto her knees. She heard sirens just outside the alley, and tried to crawl in the direction of the diner’s entrance. It was hard going, but she managed to make it to the door. She was about to use her hands to open it when she realized that her hand was completely covered in blood.

She then heard a voice, “It’s okay, just lean on me.” When she looked up, Damian Henchman was helping Jenna out behind the diner. Jenna coughed and spat out some blood onto the ground. She began coughing again, and then collapsed on the ground.

Jenna came to again, and this time, she found herself in a white-walled hospital room with a man in his mid twenties standing at her bedside. Jenna looked up at him, and noticed that he had long blond hair and blue eyes. His face was covered with deep, red scars. He wore a white shirt and pants that were tucked into black combat boots. He was holding Jenna’s hand, and stared back at her.

“How long have I been out?” Jenna asked.

“A week. You just regained consciousness about ten minutes ago.”

Jenna smiled weakly and then looked around the room again. She noticed a brown door to her right that was labeled ‘Restroom’. There was also a window next to it. She noticed the lights were dim, but they were on, which made it brighter than the hospital rooms she had seen before. There were no medical instruments on the bed stand next to her, and there were no wires or tubes connected to her body. She moved her legs and realized that she had no casts on them.

“Where am I?” Jenna asked.

“You are in the hospital,” the blond man said. He sounded surprised by the question.

Jenna sat up and started rubbing her neck. “My neck hurts,” she said.

The blond man moved his hand away from Jenna’s and helped her sit up on the bed. She leaned back on the pillow, which was white with blue trim. As she moved, it moved to help steady her body.

“Where am I?” Jenna asked again.

“You were brought here a few minutes ago after being stabbed by a mugger,” the blond man explained patiently. “I am Dr. Damian Henchman, and I have been here to make sure that you recover.”

Jenna moved her other hand to her abdomen and felt a thin bandage covering her wound. She moved the bandage and saw a red line where the wound had been.

“Why am I in hospital?” she asked slowly.

“Because the hospital is the best place for you right now,” Dr. Henchman answered with a smile. “You are going to be fine. You have healed quickly, and you should leave here soon to go back home.”

“Home?” Jenna asked, as realization started to settle in.

Dr. Henchman answered before she could continue. “Yes, home. You have moved from the world of the living into the world of the dead. You will be one of us now, and you will not age again. You are like me now, and I will help you to adjust to your new life, but we must hurry because we do not want anyone to learn about your situation before you leave here.”

“How long have I been here?” Jenna asked again.

“You have been here for a week, and the doctors have said that you have recovered nicely, but we will take your word for it,” he said with a smile. “Now, we need to begin your transformation into a vampire. Can you stand up so that I can explain the transformation process?”

Jenna tried to stand, but her legs were weak and she had difficulty balancing. She could feel powerful muscles in her legs beneath the bandages that covered them, and she discovered that she now had superhuman strength in addition to her new enhanced speed and agility. She turned sideways so that she now had a wide stance and was able to balance better.

Jenna turned her head to look directly at Dr. Henchman. “How? How can turning into a vampire be possible? How do I know that you are telling me the truth?” Jenna now realized that she could run much faster than Dr. Henchman could ever hope to run, and she turned to run from him while calling out, “I have superhuman strength and speed!” as she raced into the far corner of her hospital room.

Dr. Henchman ran after her, but Jenna was just too fast for him. She leapt out of her hospital bed with superhuman strength and landed in a crouch in front of Liam’s bed, which was now empty because he had been moved to another wing of the hospital. She turned around and saw Liam cross the second floor balcony. He leapt off the balcony with superhuman speed and landed three stories below on a nearby car in one smooth motion. He turned to face Jenna and said, “Trust me. There is life after death!”

Jenna was starting to catch on to the new rules of her new world, but she wasn’t quite ready to let Liam Cross back into her life. She had been living on her own for a while now, and she could take care of herself. Jenna was still adjusting to all of the changes that had taken place in her life, and she needed time adjust to this latest development before she could try to make sense of it.

Jenna decided that she would let Liam Cross try to talk her into it after she had a little more time to think about everything. She would let him explain what had happened, and then she would make up her own mind about what she should do. Jenna had been living in survival mode for the last week. She was finally beginning to come down from her adrenaline rush now that she was out of danger. She needed some time to adjust, and then she would decide if Liam Cross could be trusted or not. She decided that Liam Cross would have to adjust to her reality, because she wasn’t adjusting to his.

Jenna started slowly backing up through the hospital. “Have you figured out how to change back yet?” asked Jenna. “I think so,” replied Liam. “Change back right now!” said Jenna. She was very scared of vampires, and she was worried that Liam wasn’t really who he claimed to be. She wanted to see if he responded the way that a scared human would respond, or if he would do something inhuman like sprout fangs and hiss at her.

Liam Cross didn’t show any reaction. “Jenna, I haven’t always been a vampire. I was once just like you,” said Liam. He smiled at her and took a few steps toward her. “I was born human, just like you were, and I worked in a bookshop. I used to go to movies and watch football on Sunday afternoons with my family,” said Liam.

“If you don’t change back right now, I am going to scream so loud that everyone in this building is going to hear it!” said Jenna. She was clearly getting more panicked.

Liam took another couple steps toward her, smiling the whole time. “I know what you are thinking right now,” said Liam. He gave her a reassuring look. “You are wondering why I haven’t attacked you yet. You probably think that you are going to end up like those people on the internet who get their throats ripped out by vampires,” said Liam.

Jenna didn’t say anything. She just looked at him.

“I promise that I won’t hurt you,” said Liam. “I want to be your friend. That’s why you need to listen to me. There is a group of vampires in Shepherdstown known as The True Cross, and they are responsible for creating me and many other vampires. I also want to tell you that your attacker was probably one of them. You need to find out who did this to you,” said Liam.

Jenna opened and closed her mouth a few times without saying anything. She must have been thinking about what Liam had just said, because she finally spoke up again. “I don’t understand any of this,” said Jenna.

Liam gave her another sympathetic look. “What questions do you have? I promise that if you ask me anything at all about this, I will answer it to the best of my ability,” said Liam.

Jenna looked around her. The room was filled with several beds and the odd piece of equipment. There were curtains on most of the windows, but one was wide open and showed a brick wall outside. She looked back at Liam before speaking again. “What’s your name?” asked Jenna.

Liam smiled at that. “My name is Liam Cross, and I promise that I will not hurt you, no matter what anyone else tells you.”

Jenna thought about things for a few more seconds before asking another question. “Does everyone become a vampire? Is that what this is?” asked Jenna.

Liam shook his head. “Most people don’t become vampires, and it is definitely not something that you want to happen to you,” said Liam.

Jenna looked at him curiously before asking a question that she had been thinking about for the last several minutes. “Where am I? How did I get here?” asked Jenna.

Liam stared at her for a moment. “You are in the hospital,” said Liam, answering her second question first. “The police found you in an alley.”

Jenna looked at him to make sure he was telling the truth. She looked at the room around her, and then back at Liam. “Where is everyone else? I don’t see anyone else here,” said Jenna.

Liam smiled for a moment before shaking his head. “You’re the only person here, right now, but the police are looking for other people who might have been with you at the time of your attack that they might have left behind. You were there quite a while before they found you, and you’re very lucky to be alive,” said Liam.

Jenna looked around the room again, and then back at him. “I don’t understand what happened to me, but I feel like it was more than being attacked and left for dead in an alley,” said Jenna.

Liam nodded for a moment before speaking again. “You are right about that, although I don’t know everything about what happened either,” said Liam. He pulled his jacket out from where he kept it under the chair by his bed, and handed it to her. “When we meet someone for the first time, as is customary in our kind of society, we give them something small as a token of trust. I hope this isn’t too much for you to carry around with you,” said Liam.

Jenna took the jacket from him and slipped it on. It fit her perfectly, almost as if it was made for her. “No, not at all. Thank you,” said Jenna as she smiled and looked back at him.

He nodded for a few minutes before speaking again. “I want to tell you something else that might answer some questions you have,” said Liam. “When a vampire is about to change, we experience a few events that give us more insight into what is coming. You were probably going through this and may have not realized it, or just forgot about it. When I saw you in the alley, I knew exactly who you were and what had just happened to you,” said Liam as he leaned back more comfortably into his chair.

Jenna leaned forward slightly in her seat as she listened intently to what he was saying. She took a moment to think about what he said and decided to ask him a question as she leaned back in her chair. “In other words, you knew I was going to turn into a vampire,” said Jenna.

Liam looked up at the ceiling for a few seconds, and then looked back at her. “Yes, that is sort of what I’m saying. We all go through this when we are about to change,” he said as he looked back over at the front door.

Jenna shifted her eyes from one side of the room to another as she thought about how Elijah Sedgewick might take what Liam was saying. She turned to look at the clock on the wall as she realized that it was late, and Elijah would be coming in soon if he wasn’t there already.

She turned away from the clock and back at Liam, who was still watching her carefully. “Where did you say you met each other?” asked Jenna as she shifted her weight in the chair.

“We met on the train to New York,” he said with a slight nod of his head. “I had just gotten on board and sat down in a seat next to you, as I was already quite tired from the trip up from Virginia. When I sat down you turned to look at me, and then took your phone out of your pocket and started typing away.”

Jenna listened as Liam spoke about their first meeting, but was having trouble picturing it in her mind. “Wait a minute,” she said as she looked at the clock and then back at Liam. “Are you saying that I got on this train by myself? When you first walked in here, I thought that I had been taken over by a vampire or something.”

Liam nodded. “Yes, and I know why you would think that. It is one of the things that leads up to a vampire’s transformation. They feel as if they are not traveling alone and have company with them on their journey, but when they look around they realize that no one else is there.”

Jenna nodded her head slowly trying to absorb everything Liam was telling her. “So that’s why I thought there was someone else in here with me?”

He nodded again. “It is possible because you were heading to New York, and I know that Antonia Rossi lives in New York. She is a very powerful vampire. She is the only person right now who holds the allegiance of most of the vampires in this country. She holds sway over a large number of vampires, both here and abroad. Every vampire who has turned to her for protection has been transformed into her kind. You have to go to New York and find her. She will be able to help you.”

Jenna moved away from the door, turning her back on Liam as she slid down until she was sitting on the floor in front of one of the seats. “New York? What about Liam? I thought he was going with me.”

He shook his head solemnly. “I wish that I could, Jenna, but I can’t. Antonia is very powerful and has vast connections to all sorts of dark forces. If she finds out about me, then they will know that I am here. There wouldn’t be any point in traveling to NYC and going to her if she finds out that I am here. She would come looking for me immediately and, in the process, she would kill you.”

Jenna closed her eyes as she sighed heavily with resignation. “What’s the connection between Damian Henchman and Antonia? Why is he important to her?”

Liam looked at Jenna with a solemn expression as he said, “Damian is a vampire who has been to Italy recently. I think that you should go to Italy and find out if there are any clues to help you about your attacker. You could try New York first, but I think that it would be better if you went to Italy because it is less far away. Plus, it is closer to home for you and we might be able to meet up more frequently. Do you want to go to NYC?”

Jenna shook her head in response as she replied, “If I go to Italy, I’ll have to talk with Antonia and Damian at some point. Why can’t I just go there and talk with them now?”

Liam shrugged his shoulders as he said, “I don’t know. She did say that you shouldn’t come back to the US for a while. This might have something to do with it. But if we don’t go, you won’t be able to help me in any way, because I can’t tell Antonia and Damian about being bitten by Dracula. Who knows what they are capable of doing?”

Jenna understood the danger that could be in store for Liam if he told anyone about his bite. She also knew that he was right – she wouldn’t be able to help him if she didn’t go to Italy. Getting back to her attacker was her only priority at this moment, and she had to do whatever it took. “Ok, I’ll go to NYC with you, but first we will have to talk with Randolph Howe. Once we are done, I’ll head off to Italy.”

Liam nodded in agreement as he said, “Deal!” Jenna was feeling happy that they were going to see Randolph Howe again; she liked him, and she trusted his knowledge of vampires.

They found the vampire community easily. It was still quite early when they arrived, so only a handful of people were walking about. Everybody seemed to be going about their business quietly and respectfully, which made for a very peaceful first impression. As they walked towards the community, Jenna felt a bit uneasy. It seemed like everyone had heard of her – there were many people looking at them as if they were some kind of celebrities.

It also seemed like everyone knew that she was missing, and had returned; most vampires around here looked surprised to see her. Some didn’t seem as surprised, and Jenna recognized the looks on their faces. They were the faces of people who knew that she had been hurt, because they had been there when it happened.

Randolph was already sitting at his desk when they arrived at the community building, but he did stand up and greet Jenna. “Jenna, good to see you again!” He then reached out his hand to Liam. “And you must be Liam Cross?”

“Yes, sir, I am. I think we have met before?” Jenna noticed that Gregory Maldonado was sitting in the corner of the office, listening in.

“I don’t think so. But I do recognize you from pictures and stuff. You are Gregory Maldonado’s son, right?”

Gregory nodded quietly. “That is correct.”

Liam smiled at Gregory. It was a stiff smile, but he was trying to be polite. “Nice to meet you, sir.”

Gregory nodded back to him. “Likewise, Mr. Cross. Now, let us move into a private room; we can talk there.” Gregory Maldonado then stood up and gestured for them to follow him.

They moved into the next room, which was a rather large office with a large desk.

Gregory sat down behind the desk, and then gestured for them to sit across from him. “Now, let us move on to the reason why you are here. Jenna, I have heard through channels that you are trying to track down Gregory Maldonado’s son?”

“Yes sir, I am. He is guilty of several crimes that he has committed in Seattle and now in my town. I want to know where he is so I can bring him to justice.”

Gregory Maldonado laughed quietly at her words. “Really? Do you truly think he will be brought to justice if you do find him?”

Liam was starting to get nervous at this conversation. It sounded like something was being set up here, but he didn’t know what it was.

Jenna gave Gregory an annoyed look. “I do, actually. I just need to find him first so that I can give the evidence I have to the FBI.”

“You are working for them now, and yet you want to turn your back on them? There is no need to do that. I have people that can help you track down his son, and then they will turn their attention to Antonia Rossi. She has a few people keeping an eye on the club tonight, but I am sure we can move it somewhere else for a night or two. But if we do that, then it would be better if we did it now, as opposed to later. If we wait too long, we will have a lot more eyes on us.

Liam was starting to get really nervous at this point. He moved a little closer to Jenna just in case he needed to shield her or something.

Jenna took a couple of seconds to think about this before speaking again. “Moving the club is okay with me, but moving it tonight might be a bad idea.”

“Moving it to somewhere safe is not a problem. Moving it to somewhere that our enemies can attack without fear of getting hurt would probably be a poor decision. Moving the club now might be an even worse idea though.”

This was starting to sound like moving the club was a bad idea no matter what.

Jenna looked over at Antonia. “Moving the club tonight is completely out of the question. We have a huge event tonight at Club Red, and everyone is looking forward to it. Why not move it to another club tomorrow?”

“Tomorrow night might be a better choice, anyway. If you move the club now, no one would know what or where the change was, and that could make matters even worse for you. You would then have to deal with the people who knew you might move the club, as well as those who guessed right and chose to follow you there.”

Jenna looked at Antonia for a little while. This made sense, so she said, “I guess I could postpone the move until tomorrow. Yes, I will be sure that everyone knows what’s happening by the end of tonight.”

Antonia Rossi nodded a few times, and then said, “I would be happy to help with whatever you need when it comes to your attacker. I do not have much experience with that sort of thing, but I know others who may be able to help me.”

Jenna sighed and said, “Okay. I appreciate that. But I have a feeling that the person who did this is going to be killed tonight, if they aren’t already.”

Antonia Rossi looked at Jenna for a long time and said, “What makes you think that? It seems that only Damian was seen leaving your alley, and he was arrested shortly thereafter.”

“I saw him leave my alleyway, but not after he assaulted me. He had a knife in his hand. I even got a good look at it, and I know that there’s no way that he could have killed me if he was holding it. He may have moved to the alleyway after he stabbed me, but did so much later. I’m not sure of the exact time frame, but it was definitely after the attack. And if he moved to my alleyway after the attack, then maybe he ran into Damian Henchman there, which is why he was arrested.”

Damian Henchman said, “Jenna, that is a possibility. Damian has already been questioned by the police about what happened to you. It is possible that they talked about moving to your alleyway. But why would you think that only one person was responsible for your attack?”

“Because I didn’t see anyone else that night. I didn’t hear anyone else, either. And I definitely didn’t feel anyone moving around me in the dark.”

Antonia piped up, “Jenna is right. She was moving around a lot with her superhuman speed and agility, and she would have noticed if someone was anywhere near her.”

“Well, I can tell you that someone was moving around, because I did feel something,” said Jenna. “But it was only one thing moving around me. For the most part, that thing just held still and waited for the right time to pounce. So I moved around a little bit myself to figure out what was going on, but then it moved in the same minute that I did. And then it just held still while I tried to fight back, and then it jumped on me, picked me up, and carried me away from wherever I was walking. Then it carried me over to the alleyway between your club and my apartment building. And then it stabbed me, and I don’t really remember anything after that.”

Dread filled Jenna’s heart as she thought about everything she had been through. This was certainly the worst thing that had ever happened to her in her entire life, and yet it wasn’t even close to the worst attack that had been made against her.

All around them, everyone watched and listened intently.

“This is a very serious accusation you are making, Miss Riley,” said Judge White. “There is no proof that Damian Henchman is your attacker at all. You were found covered with blood in a back alley, but that doesn’t necessarily mean he attacked you there. In fact, it doesn’t even necessarily mean that he attacked you at all. The evidence will be presented tomorrow morning. Until then, Mr. Henchman will remain in custody here at the courthouse.”

Jenna nodded, and they exited the courtroom together. They moved to a separate room in the basement of the courthouse, a holding cell where they could speak privately and still be guarded by both security personnel and police officers. Judge White ordered security to escort both Jenna and Henchman into this room. They moved to the room, accompanied by four security guards and a detective who had worked on the case.

The courtroom was large and imposing. The holding cell was small and cramped. Jasper moved to one corner of it, opposite the door, while Damian moved to another corner opposite him. Jenna took up a position in the middle of the room, facing both men.

Jenna was standing very still, staring intently at Damian Henchman. It was clear that she had moved past being just angry to being downright furious with him now. She had stopped herself from attacking him, but only barely—she could feel that she was holding herself back by a thread of willpower alone.

Damian moved to the center of the room as well, facing Jenna. His face was clean-shaven now, and he did not look like himself at all. He looked smaller, more vulnerable than before. He moved to the center of the room, moving past a metal divider that separated Jenna from him.

Jenna moved to one side of the divider, away from Damian Henchman.

Damian looked at Jasper, then to one of the security officers in the room, gesturing with his head for them to leave. The security officer nodded and moved to the door, opening it and gesturing for the other three men to leave as well.

The detective lingered for a moment, looking first at Jenna, then at Damian. He hesitated, then moved to leave as well.

Jenna watched the men leave, then turned her attention back to Damian.

"You attacked me," she said, her voice low and dangerous. It was not a question.

Damian swallowed, but did not say anything. He looked away from Jenna's gaze.

"Why?" Jenna asked. "What did I ever do to you?"

Damian shook his head. "You didn't do anything," he said. "It wasn't personal."

"Not personal?" Jenna repeated, her voice incredulous. "You nearly killed me, and you say it wasn't personal?"