Three weeks ago

Jenna Riley woke up in a cold sweat, her face damp with tears. Her heart was racing and her body shaking uncontrollably. She groaned and rolled over onto her side, cradling a pillow against her chest as she tried to calm down. Jenna had been having these nightmares for weeks now. Sometimes they were about the accident, but more often than not they were about being murdered. At first she thought that it was just an overactive imagination brought on by the accident, but the dreams kept getting worse and more detailed every time she had one. She wished that she could remember what they all meant.

Her cell phone, sitting on the bedside table, began to ring. When she saw the number flash up on the screen, her heart skipped a beat. It was her mom calling to check on her progress after Jenna had called in sick again from work. She didn’t want to get out of bed and talk to her mom, but it would be too embarrassing when she found out that she hadn’t called in sick.

Jenna groaned and put the pillow over her head as she picked up the phone. “Hi Mom,” Jenna said with a groggy voice.

“Hey honey, how are you feeling today?” Her mother asked.

“I don’t know what I have, but I feel like crap. Did you call work?” Jenna asked.

Her mother sighed. “No honey, I told them that you must have caught the worst cold in history. This place will fall apart without you there to run it,” her mother said lovingly.

Jenna laughed dryly and sighed loudly into the phone. “Mom, I can’t go to work today and I probably won’t be able to go tomorrow either. I just need to rest, that’s all. You can do everything at home just as good as I can,” Jenna said quietly.

Her mother sounded disappointed but understanding when she asked, “Are you really sick or are you just hung over from last night?”

Jenna rolled her eyes. “Mom, I don’t drink anymore. Look, I have to go now okay? Love you too.” Jenna hung up the phone and threw the covers off her body. Her head throbbed loudly and she felt nauseous whenshe stood up. She decided to take a shower, hoping that maybe it would help her headache to subside a little.

Jenna stepped into the shower and turned on the water, letting it run over her body slowly as she tried not to think about anything painful. The water was nice and warm on her body; it relieved some of the pain in her head. She closed her eyes and let the warm water run over her face; she felt so frustrated that she couldn’t remember what happened last night. She knew that a lot of bad things had happened, but all she could think about was what caused them.

“Gregory!” she screamed at the top of her lungs. She couldn’t understand why he had done it again; why he had almost killed her. He looked at her with a slight amount of concern, but there was also a glint in his eye that warned Jenna to not test him. She realized that he was going to punish her one way or another for disobeying him, so silently she stepped out of the shower and dried off. She then walked into the bedroom where Gregory stood waiting for her.

When he saw her, his smile widened and he said, “I’m glad that you were able to wake up so soon.”

Jenna looked down at the floor and answered timidly, “I-it wasn’t easy. My head hurts a lot.”

Gregory nodded in approval of her response. He walked over to the nightstand and picked up a bottle of pills. He turned around and walked back toward Jenna, holding out the pills he had taken out while he said in a gentle voice, “They should make you feel better.”

Jenna stared at the pills that were being held out to her, but she didn’t want them. She knew that they would make her forget what had happened last night. Then she would have no way of protecting herself from him if he attacked her again in the future.

“No, thank you,” she said firmly as she turned away from Gregory and put on her clothes.

Gregory turned back to the nightstand as if he hadn’t heard her response and popped another pill into his mouth. He then took a drink of water before turning back to Jenna and asking politely, “Breakfast?”Gregory hoped that food might provide her with the energy she would need to deal with him. He knew that he could no longer keep her locked away in their bedroom all day. She needed to spend some time outside of the bedroom so that her memory wouldn’t be as clear of what had happened to her. Gregory could see it in her eyes—the fear and the pain were now starting to fade from them. She was starting to accept what had happened as if it were her fault for having disobeyed him in the first place.

To keep her mind off of everything that had happened, Gregory wanted to take Jenna out and buy her a new outfit. He wanted her to go out into the world like normal people so that she would be able to remember how it felt again. The problem was that he didn’t have any money to do anything like that, not without telling Antonia where he got it from.

Gregory knew that his wife wouldn’t approve of what he was doing, but he didn’t care. He was worried that Jenna would start remembering what had happened to her and would end up telling someone else about it. It was better for Gregory if Jenna forgot every detail of what had happened,and in order for that to happen Jenna needed to spend some time away from the house.

Gregory had already dug up a few of his wife’s dress shirts and pants that were still her size—she was always skinny and had stayed that way her whole life. He knew that he couldn’t get away with taking any of Antonia’s dresses—she would probably kill him if she ever found out about it.

Gregory watched as Jenna put on one of the shirts and then the pants. She looked like some frumpy middle-aged woman going out for the day, but Gregory didn’t think she looked bad in them at all. All he could see was the beautiful young woman underneath all those clothes.

Jenna stared at herself in the mirror with a look of disgust on her face—the shirt had been a little big on her before, but now it looked like it was going to burst at any moment. Her skinny frame looked even skinnier now that she had gained so much weight from not eating for a week. Gregory watched as she pulled the shirt over her head and cringed when she saw how loose it was now. He wanted so badly to take off the shirt and put on somethingelse, but he knew that it wasn’t his place.

Gregory watched as Jenna got up from the mirror and picked up a brush. She started brushing her hair, trying desperately to get it out of her face and straighten it out. Gregory could tell that she was fighting back tears as she did this because he could see one rolling down her cheek and hit the floor when she moved her hand out of her face.

Gregory walked over to where Jenna was standing by the mirror and took her by the elbow, turning her so that they were standing face-to-face. He gently brushed the tear away from Jenna’s face, then kissed it softly and gently before putting his arms around her waist.

Jenna could feel a lump forming in her throat as Gregory continued to hold her, not saying anything, just letting Jenna cry into his chest. She knew that she should be mad at him for bringing her here to kill her, but she couldn’t stay mad at this man who had been so kind to her after what he had done.

As if Gregory could read Jenna’s mind or sense what was going through it, he turned her around so that they were standing with their backs pressed againstthe wall. He gently ran his hands up and down her back and sides, not saying anything and giving Jenna time to calm herself down.

Jenna stopped crying after about a minute or two then took a deep breath. She looked up at the man who was still holding her and smiled softly before kissing him gently on the lips. Gregory kissed back as passionately as he could, wanting to show his love and gratitude to Jenna for the love that she had given him.

After a few minutes of kissing, Gregory pulled away from Jenna and smiled at her again before pulling her into his arms once more. He whispered something in her ear that she couldn’t understand, but she could tell from his expression that it was something loving and not about what he had done to her yet again.

Jenna smiled again as Gregory pulled her into the bedroom where he started taking off his clothes. They made love slowly and lovingly for hours, neither of them wanting it to end.

      ...

 “What is this?” Jenna asked as she looked at herself in the mirror of the small room that she was in. She could see that her hair was very short and now looked almost exactly like Gregory’s. Her skin had a pale, sickly greenish color to it and she could see that the lines of her face had changed as well.

She reached up and touched her nose with one hand and then pulled away from it to look at it. It was no longer straight and a little bumpy where she had broken it in the fall, but even more crooked than before. She touched her cheeks too only to discover that they were covered with tiny red spots of varying sizes. Her finger traced a long scar down her chest to disappear into her shorts, which she quickly pulled down to look at what was underneath them. There were two pinkish-white skinless circles where each of her nipples had been, with thin pink lines of scar tissue connecting them across her chest.

As she watched, one of the pale parts of her hand grew a tiny black nail and then changed into a fingernail. Her hand then turned into a claw as it cracked into the palm of her other hand, which also changed from pale to black.

    ...

 “A monster!” she screamed as she jumped back from the mirror revealing Gregory standing behind her with an amused expression on his face. “You’veturned me into a monster!”

He chuckled and pulled her close to him. “It’s normal to feel that way. I felt the same way when I first turned, but you’ll get used to it. And you won’t be alone for long, either. The others will awaken soon enough and then we can go back to the way things were before things went so horribly wrong.”

Jenna looked at him curiously. “Why didn’t you tell me that this was going to happen? I could have been mentally prepared for it.”

He shook his head sadly. “I couldn’t tell you, Jenna. I knew that if I did you would have fought me on it and tried to get away. You had to be turned against your will in order for your transformation to take hold of you. I know this is hard on you, but I promise that it’ll all be over soon.”

Her heart started pounding in her chest as she began shaking violently and she felt tears running down her face. “What did he do to me? How are we going to get me back? I won’t be amonster forever, right?”

Gregory nodded and stroked her hair lovingly. “It will all be over soon, Jenna. I promise.”

Jenna closed her eyes tightly and tried to calm down. She took deep, ragged breaths as she tried not to break down in front of him. She was a warrior and she had to keep calm. She opened her eyes and stared at him for a moment before asking, “Is there anything I can do for now? Do they have any clothes that I can wear?”

He nodded but said nothing else as he went into his bedroom and started rooting around in one of the drawers. He came back out with a pair of jeans for Jenna to wear and gave them to her. He then took one of his shirts from his closet and gave it to her as well.

	Jenna changed into the clothes, but they were too baggy on her body and fell off of her when she tried to button them up. “Can you help me with these?” she asked him.

He nodded and took the jeans from her hands before starting to button them up for her. He slid his hands all the way up towards her hipsand smiled at her as he worked on fastening the buttons. “You look very nice in my clothes,” he told her as he finished with the buttons.

	Jenna smiled at him and told him, “Thank you…for everything.”

	Gregory smiled back at her before he went into the kitchen and grabbed a pair of shoes for her to wear. He brought them to her and said, “Put these on when you’re done.”

Jenna slipped on the shoes and felt a wave of relief wash over her when Gregory told her that he wanted to keep her in his house for a while longer so that no one else could find her. She would have been mortified if any of her friends had found out what happened to her, seeing as she had told them all that she was going out with one of her friends, but instead she was kidnapped and ended up a vampire.

	Jenna took a deep breath before asking Gregory, “Could you take me somewhere? I need some information on where to go next.”

	Gregory looked taken aback by what she had said and asked, “What do you mean?”Jenna answered him, “I’m looking for my attacker. Do you know who they were? What clan it was? There’s so many things I don’t know yet. I need to find the answer to those questions before I can move forward with my life.”

	Gregory stared at her and thought about telling her that he already knew who her attacker was, but he decided against it because he couldn’t be certain it would be the same person that she was thinking of. Gregory told her instead, “You should go to the castle as soon as possible; they will help you get on your feet again. They will also help you locate your attacker so that you may have them punished for what they did to you.”

	Jenna nodded and said, “Okay then…I’ll go there as soon as I can. Thank you for the information Gregory. You’ve been very helpful. You don’t know how much this means to me.”

	Gregory smiled at her because he was happy that he could help her out after all she had been through. He also found himself strangely attracted to her; it was something that hehadn’t felt in a very long time. He had lost his wife many years ago and hadn’t dated anyone since. Now here was Jenna, a beautiful young woman with soft brown hair, deep blue eyes, and pale skin. She had the body of a goddess and Gregory couldn’t help but picture her naked in his bed.

	As Gregory watched Jenna walk out of the room his thoughts began to wander as he wondered what it would be like to take her into his arms and kiss her softly. He felt himself becoming aroused and he decided that it would be best if he went downstairs and waited for her in the living room rather than risk doing something inappropriate around her. He began to wonder why he hadn’t noticed how attractive this young woman was before; she was a vision of loveliness.

	Jenna exited Gregory’s house and headed towards the bus stop at the end of the block. Her body ached in several places due to her injuries, but she knew that they would heal quickly enough with a little bit of blood. All that really mattered to her was finding out where her attacker was so she could have them punished for what they had done to her. She reached into her purse and took out themoney Gregory had given her. It was a nice change from being poor after all, but she knew that she would need to figure out how to get more money soon. She decided that she would go shopping tomorrow and buy some food before going home.

	Jenna arrived at the bus stop and waited for the next bus to arrive. The bus ride was short and it took Jenna a total of fifteen minutes before she arrived at the castle from Gregory’s house.

	Jenna paid for her entry fee and headed towards the entrance of the castle. She passed by several people who were chatting amongst themselves as they walked through a door that led to a basement bar. There didn’t appear to be any sign of her attacker, but she would have to look around at the different tables in just a moment to make sure. She stopped suddenly when she spotted Liam sitting at a table close by. He appeared very calm as he sat alone eating a plate of food. Jenna smiled when she saw him, but he did not seem to notice her which worried her slightly. She decided that it was best to walk over and talk to him while she had the chance. She took a seat across from him and looked at him with a questioning look on her face.“Hello? Liam?” She said as she waved at him.
	He looked over at Jenna with an annoyed expression on his face. “What do you want?” He asked sarcastically.
	The sarcasm irritated her slightly, but she didn’t show it. “I just wanted to say thank you for saving me when I was being attacked a few weeks ago. I couldn’t have done it without your help.”
	Liam looked taken aback by the compliment and paused for a few seconds before answering. “Don’t mention it, I don’t know what came over me when I saw that you were in trouble, but I just had to help you. It might have been a bad decision on my part since now I am being hunted by some guy because of it.”
	Jenna frowned when she heard this and looked down in shame. “I am sorry Liam, I didn’t think that it would come to this. I will do anything that I can to help you get rid of your attacker... please don’t kill me!”
	Liam laughed a little at the request that Jenna made and said,“I don’t think that I would ever want to kill you Jenna. You are much too pretty, but if your attacker gets past me I can’t guarantee that my next move is going to be as kind.”
	Jenna smiled brightly at him and said, “I will do whatever it takes to stay out of trouble. I don’t want anyone else getting hurt because of my actions.”
	Liam looked at her and smiled back, “I know you will Jenna. You are a good girl and your attacker is lucky to have you as an enemy.”
	Jenna blushed when she heard this compliment and then grew concerned again when she saw that two men were approaching Liam. “You should go now Liam, this is not your problem, I will be fine!”
	Liam shook his head, “I don’t think so Jenna. Besides these guys look harmless enough, but I will let you see them from a safe distance before you make up your mind about them.”
	The two men stopped when they saw Liam standing in front of the two of them and said in unison, “Good evening Mr. Cross;are you enjoying your night?”
	Liam laughed at their corny line and replied, “Yeah I am having a great time. How about you guys, did you come here to have fun tonight?”
	The two men smiled at each other and replied simultaneously, “No, we came to protect you Mr. Cross!”
	Jenna frowned at this response and said in disgust, “You mean you came here to keep me safe from danger?”
	The two men nodded their heads at her with a smile and continued to follow Liam closely as he walked away.
	Jenna followed them closely until they went through a black curtain into what appeared to be another room inside of the castle. When she saw that Liam was still unharmed she breathed a sigh of relief and continued to walk towards the entrance where there wasn’t any sign of her attacker. This made Jenna wonder if they had just been sent by Gregory to be there as a precautionary measure or if they were there because someone was threatening him. Either way Jenna didn’t want to cause any trouble for Gregory, so she quickly walked past his table to head towards the dance floor where there were many people having fun anddancing.
	Music played loudly and the crowd danced wildly to every beat. Jenna took off her coat and put it on the nearest chair so that she could dance freely while still being able to keep an eye on her surroundings at all times. After seeing that none of the people around her were a threat she began to have some fun herself and started dancing with some of the men who asked, but none of them could match up to Liam’s dancing style. He was her hero and savior after all so he deserved a special treat in honor of his name day.
	For the next hour Jenna enjoyed herself by dancing and mingling with some of the other guests while keeping an eye on Liam who remained stationary at his seat with a smile on his face watching her. She saw that he winked at her once in a while and continued to drink from his glass every time it got low without getting up. She knew that he was waiting for her to make some kind of move on him even though she was supposed to be the shy and helpless girl because that’s what he wanted to feel powerful.
	When one of the girls who had asked her for a dance had gotten drunk, Jenna decided that it was time to leave before she ended up being accusedof something that she would never do. She started to make her way through the crowd but Liam stood up before she could reach him and walked toward her.
	“What are you doing here?” Jenna asked while pulling away from the man who had been dancing with her.
	“I thought I told you that I would come and visit you. It wouldn’t be fair if I didn’t at least say happy name day, right?”
	“Happy name day? Is it your birthday or something? I can’t believe I wasted all this time on you when I should have been at home by now,” she said while turning towards the entrance of the club.
	Liam grabbed her arm and held on to it tightly before walking with her through the crowd and out of the club. He stopped only to open the door for her and then they were outside in the parking lot, standing in front of his car.
	“What are you doing? You just told me that it was your name day not even five minutes ago!”
	He ignored her and stood in front of her blocking all of her attempts to move past him. “I am not leaving until you come with me,” he said in a serious voice.