    One day, the world just ended.

    The sky turned red and the ground shook. Everyone knew it was the end for all of them. The lights went out, the electricity left, along with the running water and all other necessities that people took for granted. The world ended.

And then it started again. A flash of green light and a brilliant white sound filled the sky as if the world was being zapped clean. And then it happened again. And again.

And suddenly, everything was ok again in the world, but darker than before. Some said that heaven came to earth and wiped the world clean, and that everything would be fine from now on. But that didn’t really explain why there was so much darkness afterwards. Why it seemed darker than before. Why the world seemed smaller somehow, like a smaller version of itself. Why people kept seeing ghosts everywhere and zombies, and demons and all kinds of creatures that should have died in the cataclysm that had just happened.

The world was ending again, but this time for real. The blackness in the world was spreading. Soon everything would be gone forever. The end of the world had come for real this time.

The sun gave way to the blackness, and in the middle of it all, was a huge ring of light that shone brightly from all over the earth. It came out of nowhere, and there was no explanation for it whatsoever. But everyone knew what it was. And they knew it meant the end of the world was finally here.

As the sky got darker, and then darker still, and the ring of light turned into a circle of light that seemed to emanate from the ground beneath them, darkness finally fell over everything. All of nature went silent. The birds stopped singing, grass stopped growing, flowers stopped blooming, trees stopped leafing. Rivers and streams dried up.

And then the sky turned red.

The whole sky turned red, like the color of blood. And the ground shook violently beneath them as all of nature was overcome with a terrible heat that seemed to come from below their feet. So people ran away in terror, everyone trying to get as far away from each other as possible. Everyone ran for their own lives as fast as they possibly could, not knowing what would happen next, nor where they would run to. They just knew they had to get away from others as fast as possible before the end came upon them.

The people were in such a terrible state of panic and confusion, that when Maria Martinez tried to ask the others what was going on, no one paid any attention to her. All they could think of was getting away from everyone else and somewhere safe, and so they all ignored her. Maria ran around in circles for a while trying to figure out what was happening and where to go, but it was hopeless.

“I don’t know what to do! What should I do?” she cried out desperately into the night air as she ran around in circles on the plaza. The sun disappeared behind a wall of flames that burned its way across the horizon like a fiery river and plunged the world into darkness. It was now pitch black and eerie shadows danced all around as if some otherworldly creatures were playing tricks on them.

Maria felt so frightened that she was shaking uncontrollably, but she didn’t have much time to think, because the ground started to crumble and buildings collapsed as the earth shook violently beneath their feet. Everyone began screaming and trying to run away as fast as they could, not knowing what was causing this, or where to go. Maria could hear the sound of glass breaking and the distant, terrified screams of her neighbors as she ran through the streets just like everyone else.

Maria looked up at the night sky and saw a bright light shining down from it. It spread its beams out across the landscape like a million tiny spotlights, illuminating everything in sight. Everything looked different now, as if it was lit up by some weird light that didn’t belong there. Suddenly, the sky went dark again and it seemed as if a hole had opened in the Earth from which they could see far below them. The moon disappeared and the stars vanished from the sky, plunging the world into darkness. Then the ground fractured and an enormous crack spread from horizon to horizon, swallowing up everything in its path.

The sky faded to red as fire engulfed the world. Finally, the light faded and everything went silent once more. Then a blinding flash of white fire burst forth, engulfing the sky.

The ground crumbled and opened up, swallowing up not only the sky but everything in sight. Trees, buildings, cars; all disappeared like dust in a rainstorm. Everything except for one lone building which stood unharmed at the center of all this chaos; untouched by the chaos that engulfed everything else.

Cars and bodies flew through the air like dust in the wind. When they landed, they scattered across the land like seeds from a bomb blast. The people who had once lived and worked there were forced to watch their homes, their friends and family die before their eyes; right before they were swallowed up by the ground below.

The ground crumbled and split apart as if it too was dying. Then, with a loud crash and a thunderous roar, everything stopped. The land fell silent again, as if nothing had ever happened at all. In the distant void of space, where the ground had shattered, a dark figure was standing on top of a stone pillar. It raised up its massive black arm, opening its mouth and sending out a beam of white fire that shot into the sky. Its mouth opened wider as it swallowed the whole world …

… and nothing else was left.

Maria Martinez was still running. She could feel the heat of her burning legs, but she kept going. The others were scattered all around her; some had been caught by the chaos and disappeared into the earth below, others had been lucky enough to stay on their feet and run away from the building; but all of them kept running as fast as they could in the opposite direction. The air around them was filled with dust and smoke, which burned their eyes and made breathing difficult. Behind them, they heard the sound of trees crashing against each other while falling from the sky like dead leaves.

“Move! Keep moving!” she yelled at them. “Keep going! Keep going as fast as you can!”

She kept running, moving faster and faster, trying to get away from the danger zone and lead them all to safety. They were all in a panic; their eyes darted here and there, trying to catch a glimpse of the danger that was chasing them. Some moved faster than others, but eventually all of the survivors moved as one in a way that resembled a flock of birds in flight.

They moved as one until the ground opened up and swallowed them up while they ran past it.

Suddenly, all movement stopped. All sound disappeared. The forest was dead silent. Even the trees stopped moving for a moment, and Maria was afraid that they were also dead, that they had just fallen down from the sky like the rest of their brethren. But then the trees started to move again, shaking the dust and smoke off of their leaves.

Then they moved as one again.

A few tense moments passed before Maria led them all to a clearing in the forest which was strangely free of dirt and rocks, devoid of broken branches and dead leaves. It looked strange, like the ground had been polished recently, as if by a giant metal slicker.

“Everyone stop!” Maria said. “Come on, stop running so fast.”

The group of survivors stopped running and watched her as she walked over to them. Maria stood in front of them and took off her backpack to take out the contents.

“Oh,” said a boy who was wearing a pair of blue jeans and a black hoodie.

He was about ten years old with brown hair that had orange highlighter streaks through it. He was holding onto his backpack with both hands.

“What?” said Maria, looking down at her backpack and then back at the boy with a smirk on her face.

“Nothing,” he said, shifting in place uncomfortably.

Then a middle-aged man in an olive drab flight suit moved in between Maria and the rest of the group.

“Ladies and gentlemen,” he said. “My name is Colby, I am a former member of the United States military, and it is my duty to make sure you all move onto the next stage of your journey safely.”

The group just looked at him with blank faces.

“Moving on,” said Colby, pointing at himself with his arm extended toward the ground. “Now, we must move along and find a safe place to stay for the night.”

Maria moved her arms a bit, shifting her weight from one foot to another.

“Move?” she said. “Where? We don’t know where we are or what is going on. Moving to a place we weren’t planning to go sounds like a really bad idea.”

The others moved their heads around awkwardly, not knowing what to say or do.

“Moving on,” said Colby again, “to your right is a desert. On your left is a dense jungle. Move into the desert and you will surely die from the desert heat. Move into the jungle and you will no doubt get lost on a wrong turn that leads to a deep pit or a river of quicksand. Moving on, we can move slowly and carefully in a straight line as far away from this place as possible. We can then make camp for the night and figure out what to do next.”

The group nodded silently and started to walk slowly along the path.

It didn’t take long until they were going through a dark, cold forest. The trees around them were tall, thick and beautiful, but there was something ominous about their forms. They moved all by themselves, as if they were getting ready to attack their new visitors.

Maria decided it was too spooky and she would rather take her chances in the jungle. She turned around to head back in the direction they came from, when she felt a tingling sensation on her neck. A few seconds later, all movement in the forest stopped.

They all stopped moving and looked around nervously for what had caused this. At first, they thought that perhaps there was someone nearby watching them from the trees, but it soon became clear that nothing was moving anywhere in the forest. The forest was completely still.

The forest was so big that even with their limited sunlight, they wouldn’t be able to see everything that was there. They could hear things moving around in the undergrowth, but couldn’t see anything.

The forest began to feel more and more threatening, and Maria felt as though she was going to move further and further away from the others. She looked around for some sort of protection, like a large tree or something similar that might give her a place to hide.

She moved slowly among the trees with her head bent down, looking for anything that might resemble a hiding place when she heard movement behind her. She turned around and ran back towards the others, but it was too late.

Out of nowhere, something moved up behind her and quickly placed its arms over Maria’s shoulders. The next thing she knew, the forest had become quiet again. She looked around to see that the others were moving, but very slowly. There was a look of horror on their faces and they moved as though they were walking on hot coals.

She moved to run into the forest again, but stopped when her leg suddenly touched something sticky and uncomfortable beneath her foot. She looked down to see that there was some kind of web attached to her boot.

She grabbed at it with her hand, but it tore off and stuck in her hair. She screamed as the thing began to wrap itself around her head, and she felt its legs begin to tingle and itch against the inside of her clothes and against her skin. She tried to pull and tear at it, but it was everywhere now; covering her mouth and nose, her eyes and ears.

There was a noise behind them now, a sound that she had never heard before. It sounded like a low growl or rumbling followed by high-pitched screams and shrieks. Whatever it was, it sounded big and hungry.

She turned back to the other people in the group and saw that they were all looking around wildly, unable to decide which way to run. She lifted her hand to point out the creature behind them, but before she could say anything, it moved into view, and the screams that came from it were like nothing she had ever heard before.

It was as tall as a man and twice as wide, its arms long and muscular. The skin was mottled brown and gray, with patches of fur on large patches of its body. But what stood out most about the creature was the fact that each of its four legs ended in a long, thick insect-like tail.

The webbing slowed the group down even more, and it took them a few minutes to pull themselves free. By then, the creature had already closed in on them. They tried to run but a sharp stinger hit Maria on her left thigh, and she collapsed to the ground screaming.

With a massive roar, the creature wrapped its arm around her head and lifted her into the air. She heard Jake barking and struggling with the creature as he tried to attack it again, but when she looked up at the sky, she realized that the only light came from a full moon behind them. In spite of the cold, they were in a desert somewhere.

The group ran in a panic for what seemed like hours, moving from one patch of sand to another. They moved slowly, tripping over fallen rocks and loose sand. The stinger that stuck out of Maria’s leg began to itch more and more, but they moved so slowly that no one was able to help her.

Finally they reached a small beach in the middle of the desert, and they all collapsed to the sand, exhausted. Maria looked up and saw a tall cliff rising high above them, surrounded by a deep gorge that was too far to jump. The last thing she remembered before collapsing again was hearing Jake barking somewhere behind her.

The next morning, Maria opened her eyes and found herself lying on one of the blankets with everyone else, wrapped in their sleeping bags. The sun was shining brightly through the narrow gap at the top of the gorge and heating up their makeshift camp.

When they woke up, they all gathered around their small fire to warm themselves from the cold wind that still blew across the desert. They ate breakfast and shared stories about their lives before the end of the world, then Maria led them down to check if it was safe for them to swim for fish.

She walked a little farther out onto the sand and knelt on her left leg. She peered down at her wounded leg and sighed, wondering when it would finally heal.

“Maria!” shouted Jake from the other side of the river. “Come back here! It’s safe to swim now!”

She turned back to see him swimming toward her across the shallow water. “Do you think we can get some fish?”

“We have to try,” said Maria. “I don’t know how much longer we can go on living on dried fruit and nuts. How long have we been here anyway? It feels like forever.”

They walked up to the river and stared across at it for a moment before deciding to get in. They waded out into the water until it was up to their waists, then they started moving their feet through the shallow water in slow circles as they waited for their muscles to adapt to the cold temperature of the river.

“You know,” said Jake, “if we do catch some fish, maybe we should move on from this place. We can’t stay here forever. We might run out of food or water before we find someplace else to live.”

“Move?” said Maria. “Are you crazy? Moving is how we got into this mess in the first place! We don’t even know where we are. How could we possibly move to a new place?”

“I don’t know,” said Jake. “Move to that big city over there on the hillside, I guess. It looks big enough to have plenty of water and food in it. Are we moving or not?”

They moved on through the water, kicking their feet softly to keep themselves afloat. They walked for a long time before they came to a sandbar at the river’s edge. They walked up to it and stepped onto the dry ground beside the water.

Jake looked around and saw a group of buildings on the far side of the river.

“Let’s go over there,” he said. “We can cross the river without getting our feet wet.”

They walked over to the other side of the river, which was only about six feet wide here. They walked up the bank and Jake stopped when he saw a sign that said “River Arena” in front of a brick building.

He looked at it for a moment, then turned to the others.

“We have to go in there,” he said. “I think it’s some kind of arena. It looks like they had some wild animals fighting there or something.”

“Oh, no! Please don’t make me go in there! I’m afraid of wild animals!”

Maria put her hands over her eyes and put a hand on the back of his head. They were still walking up the bank and she was keeping him from leaving.

“I can’t stand to see a live animal fight another animal. Please, Jake, let’s go somewhere else.”

He turned around and looked at her. Then he put his hands on her shoulder.

“Maria, I don’t think we have any choice. It looks like this is the only building over here and we need someplace to stay tonight.”

She sighed and stopped walking. Then she took his hands out of hers and put them on her hips, where they were more comfortable. Then she looked up at him, trying to figure out what he was thinking, who he really was.

“It looks like there is a big room in there where people can sit and watch the fights. It looks like there is some kind of stairway down into the floor below us. I don’t know if we will be safe staying in that room, but we can at least get out of the rain and wind over here.”

Maria nodded and started walking up the bank again, toward the entrance to the River Arena. It was an old, two-story brick building with a very large sign hanging from a beam that supported the roof. The sign was painted black and had a red background with white letters painted on it.

The first word of the sign said “River” and the second word said “Arena.” Then there was a drawing of waves curling around rocks between two pillars, one on each side of the word “Arena.”

Maria looked down at the arena, where a big crowd was gathered to watch two large bears fighting.

In one corner of the ring, an old grizzly bear was fighting a younger brown bear. The grizzly was huge and looked very strong and powerful as he used all four limbs to attack his opponent. The fight between the two bears was fierce and brutal as they fought each other with their claws, teeth, and fists. The bears continued to fight until one of them won.

The fight was brutal and exciting. The crowd roared its approval as one bear defeated the other.

Jake said, “You didn’t tell me there would be fights here! This is cool!”

The old grizzly bear was so tired that he collapsed to the floor of the ring and let the brown bear climb on top of him. The brown bear punched his opponent in the ribs over and over again until the grizzly finally stopped fighting back. Then the brown bear bit into his opponent’s neck and tore out a huge piece of flesh. The victorious bear, covered in blood, jumped out onto a pile of hay in the middle of the ring to celebrate.

The crowd cheered loudly as the brown bear tore apart the old grizzly bear and devoured his flesh. The audience screamed with terror when they saw the brown bear chewing on an eyeball as the last bite of food before he started to eat his opponent’s intestines.

The brown bear tossed the grizzly’s mangled corpse aside and leapt back into the ring to celebrate his victory. The old grizzly bear was dead, and the crowd was thrilled. It was a brutal and bloody fight, but it had been a good fight nonetheless.

The defeated grizzly bear was now the most famous brown bear in the new world. He had won against all odds and proved that even a little guy could take down a huge opponent. That was always the way it worked out in the new world. In this new world, only the strong survived, and anyone who didn’t live up to that standard would die.

Maria Martinez had watched the whole fight from her front-row seat in the audience. She was one of Ratzinger’s closest advisors, and she had seen all kinds of fights since they arrived. She had watched as Ratzinger had torn apart the group of survivors and devoured their flesh. But now, the tables had turned, and now it was Maria Martinez that held the power.

She stood up from her seat with a smile on her face. “Well done, my friend! You did it!” she said to Ratzinger.

Ratzinger Kugelman was celebrating his victory by taking bites of the dead grizzly bear carcass. He was covered in the blood and dirt from the fight, and he had a gigantic smile across his blood-splattered face. He was enjoying some of his favorite food: grizzly bear.

The group of survivors cheered with joy at the sight of their leader. They had all suffered from the merciless attacks of the enemy, and now, finally, they were able to take a break. They celebrated the victory by drinking bear blood, eating carcasses, and cheering for their leader.