In a dark and grimy room, ten people huddled together on a dirty, old and worn-out mattress. The room was not much bigger than a prison cell. It was so small that it was hard to move around without bumping into the others.
	The ten people were dressed in rags and they all looked to be tired and hungry.  Their clothes were black or brown from the dirty marks that were all over them and their hair was dirt-covered and greasy.
	The people were all male, except for one woman. They were all middle-aged or older men. All of the men had tough and rugged faces that showed their years of hard work in the sun and wind. Most of their faces also showed cuts, scrapes, bruises, burns, cuts and scars from being beaten by other people.
	Two of the men had their right hands held tightly in a grip of iron from a wooden stick that was behind their backs.  These two men looked different than the others in the dirty room. They were clearly rich and important men before the apocalypse from what their clothes showed.
	Their clothes were expensive and well crafted. One of the men had on a full suit made out of black cloth with a darkbrown vest and a light gray tie. The other man had on a white coat that was torn at the shoulders, revealing his brown chest, which was covered in dirt and dirt-filled cuts.
	The ten people were huddled together in the small room to hide from the dangerous outside world. Their weapons were close by to protect them from any danger that would threaten their lives. The room was filled with several buckets that were used for collecting water leaks and one large barrel for storing water. The room also had several wooden crates that were used as beds. The group of survivors used the top of the barrels as a table where they ate and did their work from.
	The room was located deep underground in an old cave. The small door that they came in through was heavily guarded by iron bars and had a locked padlock on it to keep wild animals out.
	But worst of all, there was no sunlight in the room and it was dark and depressing.  There wasn’t even a single candle to give off some light for them to see by.
	The people didn’t know if they would ever be able to escape from the underground prison that they were trapped in.
	The world had changed but this group of survivors livedin harmony with nature. They depended on the forest to survive, and were completely oblivious to what was going on in the outside worl. They were happy and content with their lives, even though they didn’t have any idea what was happening in the outside world with all the chaos that was going on around them.
	It was a beautiful day outside and all the animals came out into the forest to enjoy it. The birds sang their merry song, bees buzzed around catching pollen from flowers, deer walked in the meadows eating flowers.  But this day of peace and joy was about to end as a man with red eyes showed up among the animals of nature. He grabbed a young fawn that was playing with its mother and ripped it open like a piece of paper. He swallowed its blood like it was a sweet delicacy to him.
	He went around looking for more food for himself, hunting every animal he could find that would get in his way. He ate their hearts, livers, kidneys and everything else that he could get his hands on. He killed young deer and ate their blood and entrails. He had no mercy for any creature that crossed his path; they were all in danger by the man with red eyes.The animals didn’t have a chance against him, they ran and squealed to their deaths; he killed them all without batting an eye. He was unstoppable. The end of the animals in the forest was near. The man with red eyes laughed as he watched each one of them die for him; he loved killing and torturing animals and this was his heaven on earth.
	However, there were some that had a chance of escaping him, but only if they acted quickly.
 	Once he was through with the forest, he marched into the woods. The leaves danced merrily as he walked across them; he didn’t disturb anything in his path because it was so perfect. Everything was exactly as it should be in this forest. He wanted to stay here forever and never have to leave it again, but he knew that wasn’t possible for him because a special day was coming soon.
 	He walked on until he reached a small cabin in the woods near a stream. It looked like a decent place to stay so he went inside and found what he needed for shelter from the elements, along with some food. He went outside and put up tarps to cover the windows of the cabin so no one couldsee him inside. Then he sat down beside the stream and ate his dinner. He noticed a deer in the distance; it was too far for him to shoot, but he didn’t need to worry about that because it was almost time.
	He looked at his watch and saw that a few minutes had passed since he had last checked; it was now time. He picked up his rifle and stood in front of the deer. It was staring at him with frightened eyes; he took aim and shot it in the head, killing it instantly. It fell onto its side as blood began to spill out. The man smiled as he watched the animal’s life leave its body; it was beautiful. Quickly, he went over and tore open the animal’s stomach with his bare hands. He scooped out its entrails and ate them before drinking its blood. The taste was fresh and sweet; he loved doing this because it gave him strength and power over other animals. He drank every drop of it until the animal was finished. Then he rested and waited for nightfall.
	The moon rose high into the sky as night approached; it was a beautiful sight to see every time he saw it, but this night was more special thanmost others. It would be the blood moon tonight, and that meant things would be different from now on. It meant that he would have the power to fulfill his life’s purpose and take over the world. He looked at his watch again and got up; it was time to go home.

	The man walked back into the woods, and after a few minutes of walking, he reached his cabin. He had built it himself when the world had been different; before everything went wrong. At first, he lived in a cave in the forest until he decided to build something better, stronger and permanent. It had been a big undertaking to build it all by himself, but he was proud of what he’d done. With one final kick of his foot against the dirt floor, he sat down and looked at where the deer had died.

	Suddenly, there was a bright light shining through the cabin’s window; instantly, everything became dark and quiet. The man looked around with his eyes wide open; he could hear people moving around in his cabin. His heart began to pound as he got up and tried to quietly walk over to the door in hopes of finding out who these intruders were. He reached the door and turned the handlequietly, trying not to make a sound that might alert them to his presence. The door opened easily, and when he looked inside, all he saw was a long hallway covered with darkness on either side.

	He took a few steps forward and nearly fell over when he felt someone grab hold of his arm tightly. He looked behind him, but he was alone. He looked ahead and saw a stairway that led up to a hallway; as he went up the stairs, more light seemed to come from inside of the cabin. He reached the top of the stairs, turned left and slowly walked down the hallway; he felt as though there were people all around him, watching him intently.

	He stopped for a moment because he could hear whispering coming from behind the door on his left. He looked through the small window in front of him at what was behind it, but it was too dark to see anything. He slowly walked closer to it and then quickly opened it quickly when he heard one of the strangers say, “He’s here!”

	He did not know what came over him, but he felt like he had to protect himself from them; maybe it was their size or their loud voices that disturbed him. He kicked oneof them in the head and then quickly ran away towards the stairway. As he turned around and looked down, he saw someone else come up behind him with a knife; he quickly threw something at the man’s face and then ran away down the stairs with the rest of the man’s friends chasing after him.

	As they all reached the bottom of the stairs, one of them shouted, “Hey you! Stop right there!” It was a woman, and she had a gun pointed at him. He turned around for just a second to see how many people were with her; there were three others behind her. The woman yelled again at him in a loud voice, “Stop right there, and drop your weapon!” The man stood there watching them carefully while holding onto the knife tightly. After he saw that they were all prepared for him, he decided to run away again.

	The man ran away as fast as he could down the hallway, but the woman with the gun was able to stay close behind him. “Don’t move!” she told him in a loud voice again, but he kept running away anyway. She began to chase after him, firing her gun at his sidewhenever she got close enough.

	After running for a few minutes, the man turned around and saw that he was starting to get further away from the people chasing after him. He knew they would never give up looking for him, so he needed to hide someplace until they gave up. He looked around nervously and tried to think where he could go. There was an office door down the hallway that had some papers stacked up against it; there was no one there, so he figured it might be a good place to hide. He walked over there slowly and tried to peek inside; the light was on in the room and he could see that there were some papers on the desk and in boxes on the floor. He slowly opened the door all the way so they couldn’t see him coming inside, and then crawled into the room quietly while holding onto his knife with both hands. The people outside were still yelling for him to stop, but he ignored them as much as he could. As he crawled into the room and began laying on his stomach, he could hear someone outside say that they should keep looking for him and not give up so easily; the man smiled and thought to himself that this might be the day that he finally got away from all of them.The only problem was that when the man raised himself up on his knees, he saw something on the floor in front of him that caught his eye; it was a pair of large metal claws attached to some kind of stick, and when he looked closer at them, he saw that they were attached to a large pair of steel-toed boots. From where he came into the room, the man had been crawling over what looked like a pile of dirty clothes, but now that he was on his knees he could see that they weren’t really clothes at all; they were pieces of dried meat dangling from the ceiling on some kind of weird meat hooks. The man was too shocked to move or yell out; he didn’t know what was going on, but it was obvious that he wasn’t where he wanted to be.

The man carefully stood up and backed away from the boots as far as he could, and as he did so, they began to move towards him. The man tried to move faster backwards but his foot got caught on a piece of clothing and he tripped, falling backwards onto the ground. Before the man could get up to run away again, he felt a burning pain in his calf and looked down;there was a small bullet hole in his pants and blood seeping out. The man tried to stand back up again, but he collapsed to his knees in agony as blood poured out of him onto the floor.

The man tried to turn himself over so he could see where the bullet had come from, but when he turned his head he saw that it was too late; there was the woman from before standing right in front of him with a gun pointed directly at him. As soon as she saw that he had seen her, she aimed the gun at him and pulled the trigger.

With a loud bang, the gun fired and the bullet hit the man in his chest. The man felt as though he had been punched in the chest by an angry giant, but this time he was able to fall over backwards onto the ground as he gasped for air. To make matters worse, it seemed that this time he wasn’t able to scream because there was a man standing over him with a large knife. He must have been hiding under one of those pieces of meat for awhile because he seemed to have just appeared out of nowhere, and now the man was standing above him with a very large knife that looked like it would be able to cut him in half atany moment.

The man tried to scream at the man with the knife, but he couldn’t get himself to move so his throat wouldn’t stop trying to scream. The blood from his chest wound kept pouring out as the knife slowly came down closer and closer to him.

As the second man stepped over his body, he could see that there were two other men standing in front of the woman; one was dressed like a priest and another was dressed in a pair of black leather pants and a white undershirt. The priest was holding something that looked like a large knife in one hand, but it was covered by some kind of thick cloth. The man could see that the other man had something in his hand too; he didn’t know what it was from this distance but he could tell that it was very dark colored.

The man had heard the stories about the priest being a saint before the end of the world, but this was not what he had pictured. He had always thought that the stories were meant to inspire hope and trust in people, but this definitely wasn’t either of those things. The man felt his heart start beating faster as he realized what was about to happen.The man with the knife slowly approached a still bleeding Johnathan and stopped right next to him. The man with the other weapon jumped over to the priest and pulled off the cloth from his weapon which turned out to be a very large machete.

The light from the fire made it easier for the man with the knife to see. The man was relieved by this because he didn’t know how much longer he could keep his eyes open; he only hoped that it wouldn’t be long before he finally died.

The woman watched as Johnathan tried to stand up and fight off the man with the machete but it was obvious that he was barely able to stand on his own two feet. She could see him putting up a good fight, but it also looked like someone had already stabbed him in the leg; there was too much blood for it to just be his chest wound.

The woman didn’t understand why this man had so much animosity towards Johnathan or why he felt that it was necessary for him to kill him. If she had learned one thing from traveling and living with different groups of people, it was that they all had their different rules and ways of doing things; she just hoped that thisman’s way of doing things wasn’t the same as those people.

For the most part, she liked being with this big group of people. It was nice knowing that there were so many people around her who were willing to protect her in case something happened to her and also be patient with her when she struggled learning a new skill or concept that was foreign to her.

There was one other thing that she liked being around so many people for, and that was because no matter what happened, someone would always be able to get her food or water when she needed it the most. All in all, as much as there were many things about them that were strange and different, she was glad that they had taken her into their group and allowed her to help protect them from other people who wanted to do them harm.

Johnathan tried harder than he ever had before, but it just wasn’t enough. The man came closer and swung his machete at Johnathan’s head. He didn’t miss and the machete went right through Johnathan’s skull killing him instantly. Johnathan slumped over onto the ground with blood pouring out of his head and onto the ground.As Johnathan fell to the ground, Jack came up behind him and pulled out his axe. There was a loud scream and then blood shot up into the air as the man stumbled backward from Jack’s axe which had gone through his chest. As soon as Jack saw what he had done, he ran to the unconscious Maria and knelt down next to her. Maria looked up at him and smiled weakly.

As Jack was tending to Maria, Jake pounced on the other man who was still standing there with his machete in his hand. This time, Jake sunk his teeth into the man’s stomach and ripped out a piece of flesh which caused him to scream in agony as he fell to the ground clutching his stomach. He then slowly got back up on his feet as he looked around frantically for help or something that might help him stop the pain.

He glanced over at Jack who was holding a bloody towel on Maria’s wound, and then looked at Jake who was growling and drooling with saliva coming out of his mouth. The man then turned around to face the priest who was still praying for forgiveness for the people that had been killed by Jack and Jake. He raised his machete up in Jack the air and then brought it down on the priest’s head, killing him instantly.

And with that, the group of survivors had finally defeated their enemy. They had fought and killed Ratzinger Kugelman and his men, and now they were the only ones left alive in this new world. They had won the battle, but the war was far from over. There would be other enemies to face and other challenges to overcome, but they would do it together. They were a team, and they would stick together no matter what happened.