
Premise: After the loss of her mother, Shannon is determined to find a way to connect with her. She decides to start a new hobby - painting. Shannon spends hours in her attic painting and finds comfort in the creative process. When she finishes her first painting, she feels a sense of pride and accomplishment. Shannon finds herself looking forward to her attic painting sessions and begins to feel like she has found a new family - her paintings.

Setting: The story is set in Shannon's attic, which she has turned into her own personal art studio.

Characters:
Katie Matthews: Katie Matthews is Shannon's classmate who becomes her friend.
Missy Walters: Missy Walters is Shannon's best friend who also likes to paint.
Shannon Daniels: Shannon Daniels is a young girl who is grieving the loss of her mother.
Uncle Jeff: Uncle Jeff is Shannon's uncle who is supportive of her after her mother's death.
Rosemary Jacobs: Rosemary Jacobs is Shannon's art teacher who encourages her talent.
Sara Daniels: Sara Daniels is Shannon's mother who died of cancer.


Outline:

1. Shannon Daniels loses her mother to cancer and feels alone and lost. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels, Sara Daniels

        a. Shannon's mother dies of cancer. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels, Sara Daniels

                i. Shannon's mother dies of cancer. Scene: Shannon's house. Characters: Shannon Daniels, Sara Daniels

                ii. Shannon's father and uncle try to support her as best as they can, but Shannon feels alone. Scene: Shannon's house. Characters: Shannon Daniels, Uncle Jeff

        b. Shannon is grieving and doesn't know how to cope with her loss. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels, Sara Daniels

                i. Shannon start feeling isolated and lost after her mother's death. Scene: Shannon's house. Characters: Shannon Daniels

                ii. Shannon becomes withdrawn and doesn't want to do anything. Scene: Shannon's house. Characters: Shannon Daniels

2. Shannon starts painting as a way to connect with her mother and finds comfort in the creative process. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels, Sara Daniels

        a. Shannon decides to start painting as a way to connect with her mother. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels, Sara Daniels

                i. Shannon's mother gives her a set of paints before she dies. Scene: Shannon's bedroom. Characters: Shannon Daniels, Sara Daniels

                ii. Shannon starts to paint and finds comfort in the creative process. Scene: Shannon's attic. Characters: Shannon Daniels

        b. Shannon makes a makeshift studio in her attic and spends hours painting. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels

                i. Shannon turns her attic into a makeshift studio and starts to paint. Scene: Shannon's attic. Characters: Shannon Daniels

                ii. Shannon paints for hours and feels a sense of peace and accomplishment. Scene: Shannon's attic. Characters: Shannon Daniels

3. Shannon's paintings begin to take on a life of their own and Shannon starts to feel like her paintings are her new family. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels

        a. Shannon's friends and family start to notice her paintings and encourage her talent. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels, Missy Walters, Katie Matthews, Sara Daniels

                i. Shannon's friends and family notice her talent for painting. Scene: Shannon's attic where Shannon has her makeshift studio. Characters: Shannon Daniels, Missy Walters, Katie Matthews

                ii. Shannon's art teacher Encourages her to pursue her talent. Scene: Shannon's art class. Characters: Shannon Daniels, Rosemary Jacobs

        b. Shannon's paintings start to sell and she begins to make a name for herself as an artist. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels

                i. Shannon's paintings sell and she begins to make a name for herself as an artist. Scene: Shannon's attic. Characters: Shannon Daniels, Uncle Jeff, Katie Matthews

                ii. Shannon's paintings become popular and her paintings sell for a lot of money. Scene: Shannon's attic. Characters: Shannon Daniels

4. Shannon's paintings help her to deal with her grief and to find a new sense of purpose. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels

        a. Shannon learns to deal with her grief through her paintings. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels

                i. Shannon's painting help her to deal with her grief. Scene: the attic where Shannon paints. Characters: Shannon Daniels

                ii. Shannon learns to cope with her mother's death through her paintings. Scene: Shannon's attic where Shannon paints. Characters: Shannon Daniels, Sara Daniels

        b. Shannon finds a new sense of purpose through her paintings. Scene:  Characters: Shannon Daniels

                i. Shannon his motivated to do better in her paintings. Scene: attic where Shannon paints. Characters: Shannon Daniels

                ii. Shannon wants to create more articulate and beautiful paintings like her mother's. Scene: Shannon's attic where Shannon paints. Characters: Shannon Daniels