    When Shannon’s mother died, it was her father and his brother who helped her pack up their things and move to the small town of New York. They tried to be there for her by providing a comforting environment in which she could grieve for her mother. Shannon didn’t mind all the things that they did. She knew that they cared about her and loved her, but none of it mattered to her anymore. All she felt was anger and resentment towards them, and any other person who tried to help her through this ordeal. Her mother was dead and that is what Shannon could not wrap her head around. Cancer had taken a member of her family, which made her feel alone in the world. She felt like she wasn’t supposed to be here anymore, and no one cared or would even notice if she was gone. Her mother was all that she had ever known since she died. She had been her mother’s sole responsibility since she was born, but now that she was gone, Shannon felt like there was nothing left for her in life. Her mom had been everything to her and now there were no more hugs, kisses, or laughter with her mom. There were none of those things now that she was gone.

Shannon felt so alone and lost. She hated herself for feeling like this, but there was nothing that she could do to stop it. She had never been able to express her emotions very well, but she constantly kept all of the grief inside of herself until it became too overwhelming to bear. The feelings of anger and resentment were soon replaced with sobs as she remembered the night that her mother died.

Shannon’s uncle Jeff and father had been sitting with her since her mother had passed away. They gave each other a look, as though they didn’t know how best to deal with Shannon’s feelings of such an overwhelming loss. Her dad was always more comfortable dealing with things on his own, while Uncle Jeff was always more willing to be there for his niece when it most mattered. He helped Shannon through the ordeal of her mom passing away while her father tried to keep Uncle Jeff from doing all of the comforting.

Uncle Jeff tried to help Shannon through her grief as much as he could, but he felt helpless when it came to comforting a daughter whose mother had passed away in such a sad way. She was only 8 years old, and yet she seemed so much older than that. He had seen her lose her mom to cancer, and now Shannon was losing her father to the bottle.

He stared at the blank television screen for hours, only watching it because he couldn’t find the words to comfort his niece. He wanted so badly to make her feel better, but she looked as though she was in a trance, lost in some otherworldly realm. Shannon’s father seemed to disappear within himself once her mom passed away. He became a completely different person because he had not known how to grieve over the loss of his wife. He started attending church more often, and had gotten addicted to alcohol. He didn’t seem to care much about how his daughter was coping with her loss. Uncle Jeff cared about that a lot more than he did himself.

Shannon became withdrawn after her mother died, and she stopped interacting with other people as much. She had stopped going out to visit friends, and she had stopped taking part in the activities she used to enjoy doing in her spare time. Shannon was spending more time alone at home because her father didn’t seem interested in doing anything with her, and so it seemed as though she had no one else to turn to but herself. “She’s trying to cope with her loss, and I don’t think she’s learned to do that yet,” Uncle Jeff said.

Shannon was sitting on the edge of her bed, holding a box of oil paints that was given to her by her mother before she passed away from cancer. She started crying uncontrollably once again upon seeing both her uncle and father approach her room slowly. “What are you doing here?” Shannon asked, wiping the tears from her face and standing up. There were paint stains on her cheeks, nose and hands. Her uncle could see that she had been crying for a while.

“I came to talk to you,” her father said.

“About what?” Shannon asked, turning away from them. She started pacing around the room as she spoke. “You don’t care how I feel, so why should I tell you?” she asked.

Her father stepped inside the room and placed a hand on her shoulder. “I do care about how you feel daughter,” he said softly. Her uncle noticed that there were small tears forming in her father’s eyes.

“Yeah, right. If you did care, you wouldn’t have left us all behind to deal with this grief on our own,” she said, turning to face her father directly now. She looked in his eyes and saw that he had started crying now. “He doesn’t care.” She turned to face her uncle now. “You don’t care either, do you?”

Her uncle sighed and shook his head slowly. He did care, but he knew that she wouldn’t believe him just yet. “No, I do care Shannon,” he said gently.

She looked at him for a few moments while the tears continued to fall from her father’s eyes and then nodded and walked over to sit on her bed. The two men stood nearby, unsure of what to do next. Her father was crying now, so he didn’t know how to handle this situation.

Shannon saw the box of oil paints on her nightstand. She picked it up and opened it slowly, letting the tears continue to stream down her face as she did so. She stared at the empty canvas in front of her for a few moments before she took out a large brush and dipped it into a small jar of red paint. Then, Shannon started to paint.

She started painting out of her own grief and loneliness, but as she worked, she found that somehow painting helped to ease it. She painted for hours and didn’t eat anything. Shannon’s need to paint became so strong that she decided to clear out her attic and turn it into a studio, so that she could paint there whenever she felt like it.

She turned her old wooden desk into a workbench and filled the walls with canvases, paints, brushes, and other painting materials. Shannon moved her easel to the center of the room and placed two chairs in front of it. She hung some potted plants in the corners of the room for decoration purposes. The attic was small, but she didn’t mind that. It was just right for her. It also reminded her of the attic in the family’s old barn.

Shannon would spend hours in the studio, painting and listening to music on her headphones. She discovered that drawing people helped her to feel connected with her mother once more, and so she would draw portraits of her mother over and over again. The act of drawing also helped Shannon to cope with her feelings.

Shannon started to put her own feelings into the paintings, too. She could often be found staring at one of her own unfinished paintings, which had two figures standing in a meadow. The figures were very dark and pale, reflecting Shannon’s feelings of being filled with darkness but also feeling a glimmer of light at the same time.

This painting became an outlet for Shannon and she would often sit and stare at it for long periods of time to try to work some of her pain and confusion out on it. Sometimes, she would cover the painted surface with salt and trace the outlines of her paintings in a faint blue wash. This felt like she was connecting with someone, especially since her own mother could no longer speak to her. Shannon felt as if she were having a conversation with her mother by painting the images over and over again. Shannon started to feel closer to her paintings and knew that they helped her to heal.

Shannon painted for hours every day, with only a short break for lunch which she always ate while standing up. She drank a lot of water so that she wouldn’t feel weak or tired. She felt almost as peaceful as when she was painting and felt that it was her therapy. Shannon painted every night until she finished a painting, and then she would start a new one. Sometimes, she would paint for six hours straight without stopping, and this helped to ease the pain in her heart. Sometimes, while painting, Shannon felt like the paintings were talking to her, and she responded back through them. When she felt close to someone, Shannon would often give her paintings as gifts and tell people that they were her family.

Shannon continued to paint and show her paintings around town, and people began to notice them. She was invited by various places to have an exhibit of her paintings, and she started to make a little money from selling them. This made her very proud.

Shannon’s uncle saw how much she enjoyed painting and helped to build a small studio in the attic of their house for her. She soon filled up the studio with paintings, and it became very crowded.

Katie Matthews was now a friend of Shannon’s, and she also painted. Katie didn’t think she was very good at painting but felt inspired by Shannon Daniels who encouraged her to draw and paint whenever she could. They often painted together when they were at each other’s houses.

Shannon continued her journey as an artist, and she entered a variety of exhibits. Her paintings became recognizable throughout the town, and people often stopped to look at them when they passed by.

Shannon’s paintings became popular enough that she was able to make a living from them. Her uncle helped her rent a small office in town where she sold her paintings.

She continued to enter art shows, and now even her painting teacher had heard of her and asked if she would show some of her paintings in an exhibit on campus for students who were interested in pursuing careers in the arts.

Katie Matthews entered the art show with Shannon Daniels, and they both displayed many of their paintings. They talked to each other about how much fun it was to see their works hanging on the walls at the art show.

One evening after all the exhibits were closed for the night, Shannon and Katie were looking at the gallery one last time. They were admiring their work when they noticed someone standing in the shadows staring at their paintings. Shannon and Katie quickly moved over to the entrance of the exhibit so that they could get a better look at who was standing there.

“Who are you?” asked Shannon.

The man stepped into the light and said, “I’m sorry. I just wanted to come by and see your paintings, but I didn’t mean to disturb you. Some of these paintings are really good, and the one you have hanging up over there is especially beautiful.” The man pointed at Shannon’s favorite painting—a large red rose with green leaves and a red ribbon tied around it.

“Thank you for the compliment,” said Shannon. “Are you an artist?”

The man took a closer look at Shannon’s favorite painting, then he smiled. “You caught me. I’m Rosemary Jacobs, and I teach art at the high school here in town.”

Shannon felt compelled to tell Rosemary about her mother’s art class, and how much the painting meant to her. “I think my mom painted this, but she passed away a couple of years ago from cancer. It was the last thing she gave me before she died and it means so much to me.”

A look of compassion and concern washed over Rosemary’s face. “I’m sorry Shannon; I didn’t mean to bring up painful memories. I just wanted to say that you have beautiful talent, and I think your paintings are amazing. You should show these at the art festival next month.”

Shannon was moved by Rosemary’s kindness, and she really enjoyed talking to her. “Thank you, again, Rosemary. I’ll think about it. I appreciate all the compliments on my art work, but I haven’t shown anyone else what I’ve painted. This is my first painting class. My mom gave me some paints years ago, but I never really used them. She said they were hers when she was younger and she thought that I might enjoy them. So, I decided to pick up a brush and try it out for myself,” Shannon finished.

“I think you should share what you have created with others. I think it would be so great if you could enter your artwork into the art festival next month, “Rosemary said enthusiastically.

“I think I could do that, Rosemary. But I’m moving soon to a new house with my dad and Uncle John, and I really couldn’t paint in my new house. My old studio is in my attic, and it is pretty cramped up there. It would be such a mess if I tried to paint there. My dad suggested I contact someone who had an office for rent. So, I rented the one you found for me, and now I can paint there.”

“That is wonderful! You are so talented and creative. What you create is beautiful, Shannon! You could have a really successful art career.” Rosemary was very excited about Shannon’s future career as an artist.

Shannon smiled, “I doubt that, Rosemary. But if it happens, that would really be great! I think Katie should enter her artwork into the exhibit too. We both would enjoy it so much, and I think our paintings would look nice hanging next to each other.”

Rosemary smiled, “I agree that would be a wonderful idea. Let’s call up Katie and ask her to enter the show.”

Shannon had forgotten all about the conversation with Uncle Jeff about entering her artwork into the art festival, which Shannon and Rosemary had planned to do that afternoon.

Rosemary hung up the phone and said, “Shannon, I have some exciting news. I just called over to talk to your Uncle Jeff and he said that you can submit your artwork for the art gallery show at college. Shannon, that is so exciting!”

Shannon was excited too. The prospect of having her artwork in a show was thrilling to her. “Wow, I am so glad you told me about it, Rosemary! Now I know what to do with all those pictures I have in my attic. Shannon’s attic was full of boxes filled with canvases. There were large canvases stacked on top of smaller canvases that were stacked on top of more boxes. There were paintings of all shapes and sizes in the boxes. Some were framed and others were not, but all of them had the same signature in the bottom corner. Shannon thought she recognized the signature. She thought it was her mother’s.

Shannon moved a box out from in front of her, so she could see better. The signature said: Shannon Daniels and below that was written: 1996-2009. Shannon wiped away tears and smiled. “I can’t believe my mom painted these pictures of me! They must have been painted when I was three years old, because I remember that is when my mom said I got paint on my dress and then on my hair too. I wonder why she never showed them to me when I was a little girl?”

Rosemary looked at the canvases with Shannon. “I don’t know why she never showed you these paintings when you were smaller, but maybe now that you are older, you will be able to appreciate them more.”

Shannon finished wiping away her tears and looked at the canvases on the floor. “I think I really will appreciate them more now, but I don’t know what to do next. Should I put them away or hang them on the wall first?”

Rosemary thought for a minute. “You can put them in your studio later on. Besides the attic room was getting crowded and now you have a whole other place to work! You can put them up there when you get ready to move each canvas. Right now, I think we should try and get the attic finished first.”

Shannon looked at the unfinished attic with some sadness. “I know you are right about the attic being too small and I am excited about my new studio, but I will miss working in my old attic. It is where I used to paint all the time with my mom. The attic always held so many memories for me and now that she is gone, I can’t bring myself to clean it out. I have left everything just the way it was.” Shannon moved around in the attic and picked up a few of her mother’s paintings. She put them back down before moving on.

Shannon’s heart was filled with sadness as she moved down the attic stairs. She had finished cleaning out the room and had started moving the furniture to the studio earlier that day. She had moved her easel and paints, but still hadn’t decided on what to do about all of her mother’s paintings. The attic was the last room in the house that needed to be cleaned out and Shannon knew she would have to go up there soon no matter how hard it was.

Shannon put her head in her hands, overwhelmed with sadness and grief. She sat down on the bottom step of the stairs and started crying. “I just wish I had more time with you mom! You were so amazing and I miss you so much!” Shannon covered her face with her hands hoping she wouldn’t cry as hard if she couldn’t see her tears.

A few minutes later, Shannon heard a soft knock on the door. She quickly wiped her tears and stood up slowly. She opened the door to see her dad standing outside with several large boxes of pizza in his hands.

“Hey Shan, how are you doing?” He stepped into the room and set the pizza boxes down.

Shannon wrapped her arms around him and started crying again. “I miss her so much! I can’t believe she is gone!”

“I know it is hard honey. It gets easier every day, but it also makes a little harder because you miss her so much.” He patted Shannon on the back and looked over her shoulder to see that the floor was already cleared out and she was in the middle of painting.

“Hey sis!” came a cheerful voice from behind Shannon and she was greeted by the smiling face of her older sister Sara. She walked into the room and brought with her a comforting scent of lavender. “How are you holding up?”

“I am okay, just missing her so much! I still can’t believe she is gone!” Shannon cried.

“It’s okay, we miss her too. But it is going to get better every day, and you will gradually learn to cope with it. You just need something to focus on, something positive that will make you happy. I think painting would be a great way to keep your mind busy, and do something productive to keep your mind off of her. I love seeing what you do Shannon! It brings back so many good memories from when we were kids,” Sara smiled. “You really have a talent there honey, don’t ever forget that!” Shannon felt a ray of hope from her sister’s words and it lifted her spirits. She was determined to prove that she was just as good an artist as her mother had been.

Shannon felt motivated by the praise. She felt a sense of determination to get better, and try to create more sophisticated paintings. Shannon looked at the brushes that she had gotten from her father’s art supplies, and noticed how much better they were than hers. They were expensive art brushes that had the best quality paint on them. They were much finer than the ones she had been using for her projects, and allowed for more intricate details.

Shannon set up a small table in her space in the attic, and started to prepare her palette for a new painting. She felt comfortable and at peace with herself out there, away from the world. The paint that came with the brushes was very high quality, and she was thrilled about experimenting with it. Shannon wanted to try and emulate the style of her mom’s paintings, even if she didn’t quite have the talent and skill yet. She wanted to do it just for her mom, because she knew that her mom would be so proud of her. Shannon hoped that by doing this, she could somehow feel closer to her mother again.

Shannon wanted to create more beautiful, bigger paintings like the one that hung in her bedroom. They had all of her favorite things about the city; pictures of cars and skyscrapers, as well as various people in different clothes walking around. It was as if Shannon’s mom had known that she would love the city, even though she had never been there herself.