Shannon Daniels is lying on her living room couch, watching TV. She feels as though she is all alone in the world. Her mother, Sara Daniels, died of cancer a week ago. Shannon has been staying with her uncle Jeff while she deals with the passing of her mother.

Shannon hears the front door open and closes her eyes. She does not want any visitors to see her sitting here all alone on the couch.

When she hears footsteps in the hall, Shannon opens her eyes and sees that it is just Jeff coming home from work. Jeff lives with his girlfriend in another house nearby, so he is not around much for Shannon to hang out with.

For a few minutes, Shannon allows herself to feel jealous that Jeff gets to spend quality time with his girlfriend after school while she is all alone.

Jeff sits down next to Shannon and asks her what she is watching on TV. For a few minutes, they discuss the news show they are watching. But Shannon soon realizes that Jeff has not even asked about Sara since her illness had started two months ago.

She feels hurt by the fact that Jeff can go on with life as usual while she is stuck at home all alone. Shannon excuses herself and goes into the kitchen, whereshe pours herself a glass of juice.

Sitting down in the kitchen, Shannon knows that it will be a long time before she will stop feeling lonely. She just hopes that Jeff will at least visit more often now that Sara has passed away.

Shannon thinks about calling her best friend, Missy Walters, but puts the idea aside when she thinks of how much Missy misses her own mother. She does not want to add to Missy’s feelings of loneliness and emptiness that have filled her life.

Just when Shannon is about to open up a can of soup for dinner, the doorbell rings. Jeff goes to answer it and returns with an elderly woman carrying a dish full of food.

Shannon wonders who this woman is and why she brought dinner for them. The woman introduces herself as “Rosemary Jacobs” from Mrs. Jacobs’s cooking class, and says she brought a meal for them.
“Rosemary Jacobs” is Shannon’s art teacher at school. She is an elderly woman who has been teaching art for years in different schools around town.

Shannon wonders why Rosemary called Jeff to invite them for dinner without even asking her about it first. Shesuspects that Mrs. Jacobs has been trying to set them up as a couple because they are the only single people living in the house now.

As she eats Rosemary’s delicious chicken noodle soup, Shannon opens up to Rosemary about how much she misses her mother. Not only that, but she misses her father too, because he had said he wouldn’t be home until late that night. He was out buying a new truck at the dealership on Main Street, and hadn’t returned yet by the time Shannon got home from school that day.

Rosemary asks Shannon if she might like some company while painting, since she always prefers to paint with someone else. This offer sounds rather awkward for Shannon, but she nevertheless accepts.

Once Rosemary arrives and finds out that Mrs. Jacobs has died, Shannon starts to cry. Rosemary tells her not to let her mother’s death get her down because she was a strong girl who wouldn’t want her daughter dwelling on the sad thoughts of her absence.

Shannon thinks of how much she has changed since losing Mrs. Jacobs as a friend, and decides that she wants Rosemary to be like her mother instead. She decides that painting with someone willhelp her not think about her mother’s absence and start thinking about the present instead.

Interspersed within these discussions are other ones in which Shannon remembers what it is like to be close with her mother. These memories include playing in the park together when she was younger and painting together as a form of therapy when Shannon’s mother discovered that she had cancer.

Shannon remembers how Mrs. Jacobs introduced her to different kinds of art, including those that were more abstract and abstract art such as drawing designs in the sand on the beach. Soon Shannon isn’t just painting anymore – she is also teaching Rosemary how to paint.

Rosemary becomes very creative and expresses herself by drawing all over the canvas, which makes some sense because she was grieving too. The two girls begin to make a mess of the canvas painting – they are having so much fun that they don’t care at all. They paint over each other’s paintings, turn them upside down, and paint all over them.

Shannon looks at what she has created and thinks about how much fun she had while doing it. She recalls her mother’s artistic ability and begins to think about being happy for the memories instead of sadfor the end of them.

Shannon and Rosemary start to look at the painting as something very special because they all have pieces of their own in it. They don’t know that this is something that will become even more important later on.

After the experience with Rosemary, Shannon begins to realize that going out and talking to other people about her grief is just as helpful as painting over the bad parts of life. As she continues to talk with other people who have lost their mothers, Shannon realizes that many of them have dealt with loss in one way or another. She finds herself able to relate to a lot of them and actually finds comfort in it.

One day, after school, Shannon meets her uncle Jeff Daniels at the bus stop because she knows that he is going over to his sister Sara’s house to help her out with something. She asks him if he could talk with her every once in a while, and he agrees because he knows that his niece is going through a hard time right now.

Shannon tells him that she feels close to her uncle Jeff because he listens to her when she needs somebody to talk with. It turns out that Jeff used to be very close with his sister Sara, but shegot sick several years ago and eventually died from cancer. Before she passed away, Jeff promised her that he would take care of Shannon after she was gone.

Jeff makes sure to tell Shannon that he is always there for her and that she can talk to him about anything at all. He tells her that he has talked with her mother a few times since she passed away, and they have even painted together. Shannon seems a bit skeptical at first but eventually decides to give it a try.

Shannon likes the idea of having an imaginary friend to talk with, because it makes her feel closer to her mom even though she isn’t able to see her anymore. She also enjoys being able to talk about the fun things in life with her imaginary friend too, because it helps bring back some of the memories that she had before.

Jeff explains to Shannon that things happen for a reason, and he encourages her to look at the good things instead of focusing on all of the bad ones. He tells her that there’s nothing wrong with remembering the good times, and he even suggests that they talk about them more often.

Shannon says yes because she knows this will help improve her mood. She also really likes painting with Jeff, becauseit allows her to express herself and have a sense of control over her life again. She even talks to Jeff’s imaginary friend, and he has many different stories that she can talk about with him. 

It turns out that Mrs. Jacobs has been listening to their whole conversation the whole time. She is impressed by how much Shannon has grown over the past few months, and she admires how brave she has been in dealing with her grief. Mrs. Jacobs has also been listening in on Shannon’s conversations with Jeff’s imaginary friend too, and she asks to come along the next time they have a conversation. She says that she has always wanted to meet him because he sounds so interesting. Mrs. Jacobs explains that she has been teaching art for years in different schools around town, and she has been having trouble coming up with a new topic for her painting class because painters tend to focus on sad things rather than happy ones. She tries not to think about it too much when she paints, but it’s still hard for her not to get stuck in the same subject matter all the time.

Shannon thinks this is an excellent idea, and they decide topaint a picture of what each one of them would like to see on Main Street in the future. Mrs. Jacobs says that they don’t have to do anything too fancy, just something that will inspire them to work hard and build a better future for themselves and their community. Shannon starts by making a picture of how she wants Main Street to look with her uncle Jeff one night after they eat dinner at Susan’s restaurant, and she tries to include everyone that has been helping her through her tough times. At first, everyone is really excited about the project, especially when they see that Shannon has put their ideas on paper. Then Shannon doesn’t feel as passionate about the project anymore after she sees how upset everyone gets when she adds another person to her sketch, a person who hasn’t even helped her yet. Everyone starts fighting about why she would ever include this person, and they can’t stop arguing with each other. Jeff makes it seem like there are only two possible options: either he or the other person can be in the picture, and no one else can be on Main Street. So Shannon has to start over again with a new sketch that doesn’t make everyone as mad. It takes her a long time before shefeels like she can finish the painting, but when she does, it is really pretty.

	 	Jeff says that Shannon should call it “Main Street in the Future,” and he tells her that they could probably put it on display somewhere to help raise money for something important like building a new park in town. Shannon paints another picture for Mrs. Jacobs and Missy Walters of how they want Main Street in the future to look like, this time excluding all of the people who are fighting with each other. Mrs. Jacobs says that this is exactly what she wanted to see, and they should add some buildings too because Main Street will look even better once it has places where people can buy things to wear or places where people can go to work.

	When Mrs. Jacobs leaves, Shannon hears her talking with her husband and she asks him for some help with something important to do soon. She tells him that he shouldn’t worry about it because Mr. Jacobs is really excited about what they are going to do, and he didn’t have anything else that he needed to do right away because the workmen are finished with whatever it was that they were doing at the house.

	Shannon falls asleep trying to figure out what sheis supposed to do, and when she wakes up, her daddy is sitting beside her in bed looking worried. She asks him if he is okay, and he says that he’s been thinking about the same thing that she has been thinking about, which is why they are only one week away from launching a prototype of their new satellite. He says that there has to be some way for Shannon to help him launch the satellite so that she will feel like she is helping her mother get better, but he knows that his heart just can’t let go of his project and allow Shannon to take over. Just then, her daddy starts coughing and choking on his own mucus before he falls over onto Shannon’s nightstand because his lungs just aren’t able to hold any air anymore.

	Shannon wakes up the next morning at 6 o’clock in the morning with her head inside of a glass of water and her mouth full of food, an apple this time, instead of a whole chicken. Mr. Jacobs is sitting on the other side of her bed looking very tired and worried, but he tells Shannon that she is very lucky because she is still very young and she has a lot of things left to paint. She starts working ona new painting right away, but it ends up taking her about three weeks to finish it because she has to do a lot of different sketches before she can get the final product right. She shows Mr. Jacobs the final product and he is amazed by her work, so much that he starts crying about her mother for the first time since it happened. That night, Shannon’s mother appears in a dream and says that when Shannon finishes her painting project, she will be able to go live in the future with all of her paintings and never have to worry about anything ever again, as long as she leaves everybody else behind. Shannon tells her mother that she wants to go talk to Mr. Jacobs about it because he is the one who was helping her with everything, and so they both got up from the picnic table where they were sitting together and started walking back towards Main Street in the future together.

	Shannon gets there first and finds Mr. Jacobs lying on his back inside of his office after all of the painting supplies have fallen off of his desk and he’s been coughing up blood for four days straight now. He says that he has been diagnosed with a rare form of cancer, one so advanced that he only has another three months to live if hewas lucky. Shannon feels as if she is responsible for his illness because she was the one that introduced him to Missy Walters and the others, and now they’ve all caught their respective diseases too. She then begins crying and runs to her father because she is worried about what is going to happen with all of her paintings in the future. Her father then tells her that it’s okay because he will always be there for her.
	The next day, Mrs. Jacobs arrives at Shannon’s house with a full dinner for the two of them and some special art supplies that she says will help Shannon finish her project as soon as possible. After dinner, Mr. Jacobs asks Mrs. Jacobs if she wouldn’t mind staying with them until he’s able to finish his last few projects of the semester. She agrees because she wants to make sure that he is taken care of before he passes on.

	The three of them then start looking at all of the work that Shannon has done over the years and they decide to help her create a proper title for her painting project, which is something that she had never thought about doing before. They spend days trying to come up with something that was appropriate and eventually decide on the name“Main Street in the Future,” which everyone likes.

	After two more weeks of painting, Shannon finishes her painting and it’s everything that she had imagined; it has an old-fashioned look with modern touches and is very detailed and carefully done. Her art teacher has it put into the school’s yearly art show, where it becomes a huge hit among the students because it captures what Main Street in the future might look like.

	All throughout their time together Mr. Jacobs has always tried to help Shannon out whenever she needs him, but this time he is not able to stay well enough long enough for Shannon to finish her projects on her own, so Mrs. Jacobs decides to go back home after a week of staying at Shannon’s house. 
	
	Mr. Jacobs is very excited about Shannon's paintings.

	As soon as she leaves, Mr. Jacobs tells Shannon that he needs her to go with him to see somebody real quick, but he won’t tell her what it’s about or who it’s about because he wants Shannon to keep an open mind when she sees this person. When they arrive at their destination, Mrs. Jacobs is there waiting for them, and then they all enter a small room where Shannon eventually meets Katie Matthews—a cutelittle girl with a blonde ponytail.

	Since Mr. Jacobs gave the go-ahead, Mrs. Jacobs brings out her paints and some canvases and Shannon starts to help her with her painting of the future downtown area of Main Street; it is going to be amazing. She thinks it will also be great for Shannon because she can express herself through art while working with Mrs. Jacobs on a creative project that really excites her—something that should make her happy again after so many months of being sad and feeling alone.

	It is not long before Shannon realizes that Katie has no idea what she’s doing, and while Mrs. Jacobs talks to Mr. Jacobs about the painting project, Shannon takes over the job of showing Katie how to paint on the canvas with the paints. It is really difficult because she has never seen anybody use paints before, but after a while she picks up the skill of using them like a pro.

Mrs. Jacobs realizes that Shannon is getting better at it and gives her more paints to use, while Mr. Jacobs thanks Shannon for helping Katie out with her painting project and letting him know about it so he can come visit with Katie later on in the week to see how she is doing with her new art skills.After Mr. Jacobs leaves, Mrs. Jacobs tells Shannon that she is welcome to work on her own painting whenever she wants and that as soon as it’s finished, she can show it to them. Shannon is thrilled because Mrs. Jacobs is really happy with how well her painting skills have improved and because she believes that it will be a good way for her to express herself through art after everything that has happened. She continues to work on her painting that shows Main Street in the future; one day all of the buildings will be gone and the stores will be different, but by then people have learned how to live off of nature and they are going to live their lives in harmony with nature instead of against it. Her painting shows people who do things differently than they did when she was growing up; they now have their own homes that are built into trees, and there are no more cars because people walk everywhere or use bikes to get around. The energy used by the town is being generated by small windmills, and people have planted flowers all over Main Street for decoration until new trees grow to replace the existing ones.

	When Shannon started working on this painting she had no idea where it was going or what it was going to be about; her momhad been ill for a long time and they didn’t have much money so Shannon never got to go do things with her friends like go out for ice cream or get a treat from the candy store. People would always ask her if she wanted to come along with them, but she was too sad because she didn’t feel like herself anymore. At first, Shannon only painted a few trees and then more buildings, but one day she went down to the creek near their house and saw how beautiful nature was. She had always thought that nature was boring compared to watching TV, but after going to the creek one day, she realized that there could be beauty in something so simple as a tiny stream of water flowing from one pool of water into another. It made her realize how much more there was to life than just being sad about how much things had changed in the last few years.

As Shannon continued painting the creek and other parts of nature, she realized that people were missing out on so much because they weren’t taking time to see all of the beauty that was around them. It is important for everyone to learn how to live in a better way, with less energy usage and more respect for nature. She painted the beautiful flowers that grew alongthe small creek she had found and was amazed by the beauty of nature. She asked Mr. Jacobs to give her permission to paint a picture of Main Street in the future, but Mr. Jacobs told her that she needed to wait until they were approved to travel back in time before she could do something like that.

As time passed, Shannon learned how to paint better and better and became an even stronger inspiration for people who loved art. She also learned that her mother’s advice about being creative about her own education was still good, since she had never learned about all of history and so many different things in school. Her paintings became quite popular as people saw how much beauty and emotion she put into each one. Mr. Jacobs allowed her to paint a portrait of Main Street after he learned her intentions were pure and not for some kind of personal gain.

Shannon’s work became so popular that the city decided to display one of her paintings prominently in front of the museum where it would be seen by anyone who entered the town from the Old Highway 18 bridge. The picture she painted was called “Future Main Street” and showed an idyllic street scene showing all of the great things yet to come. The sign above the painting read“Shannon Daniel’s Future Main Street” in large letters. When they unveiled the painting, many dignitaries came from nearby cities to see it and congratulate Shannon on her talent. It was a day that would stay with Shannon for the rest of her life, and she could not have been more proud of herself.

Now that Shannon was moving past her difficult childhood, Rosemary began focusing on ways to start building their lives together and making a home for themselves. Although Shannon sometimes felt bad about asking for so much help, she knew she could not have made it without Rosemary and her family’s love and support. She also realized that this would be her last chance to grow up with Rosemary, so they decided it was time for them to move out of their grandma’s house and get their own place. They found an affordable apartment on the edge of town and moved in together, where they could be close to work and school while having a bit more independence than they had at grandma’s house.

Shannon never forgot what her mother had told her about being creative with her education, so she decided that she wanted to learn more about art history. She asked Mr. Jacobs if he could help her bysetting up a meeting with one of his friends, who was a curator at the art museum. They made plans to meet in the morning, and Shannon read every book on the subject that she could lay her hands on.

When they met, Shannon told him about the work she was doing and he was impressed by her knowledge. He offered to send her any information or resources that she needed and showed interest in some of the work she had been doing. He also let Shannon know that someone from the museum would be coming into town in two weeks and asked if she would like to meet with them as well. Shannon felt proud of herself, that her hard work was paying off, when Mr. Jacobs introduced her to the curator. They talked for quite a while and Shannon learned a great deal from him about how he built his career and how other artists use their creativity to express their feelings.

When Rosemary got home from work, Shannon told her everything about what had happened that day and how much she had learned. Rosemary was so proud of the person that Shannon was becoming and encouraged her to keep following her passion. Shannon knew that Rosemary would always support her and help make her dreams come true.

    ‘Well done, my girl,’ said Rosemary.
    Shannon smiled at her and then went to get something to eat.

   The next few weeks went by quickly as Shannon prepared for the big opening night. Her paintings had become very popular and she was working hard at finding time to paint while still completing her homework.

Shannon knew that there would be a lot of people in attendance on opening night because this was an opportunity for people from all over to experience the art of a young artist from their home town. She painted until late into the night and went to bed feeling nervous at the prospect of all eyes being on her.

When she woke up in the morning, Shannon started feeling very sick and ended up missing school that day as she recuperated in bed. She was sure that she had caught a cold or something and didn’t think it would affect the opening night too much.

  No one noticed that Shannon was not at the opening night because they were all too busy talking about her paintings. One of her friends picked up a newspaper and read a positive review about her work which caused quite a stir among the other attendees.

Shannon’s mom, Rosemary, was sitting in the audience with tears running down her face as she watched Shannon take her bows. It was clear to everyone that Shannon had found her calling in life and Rosemary was very proud of her.