    Daisy Mayberry walked around her house, mentally preparing herself for her upcoming appointment with the doctor. She brushed her hair and put on some makeup. She looked at herself in the mirror, running her hand over her face and then making a fist with her lips. The thought that she was no longer a young woman occurred to Daisy Mayberry, but her stomach gave a start when she remembered that she wasn’t just any old middle-aged woman. She had just learned that she had cancer and that there was nothing doctors could do for her.

Daisy had received the news only a few hours earlier. The prognosis wasn’t good. Her doctor told her that it was best that she spend the rest of her days with her loved ones.

Daisy Mayberry heard the words with a cold shock. She understood that she was going to die and never feel the warmth of another living person’s skin. Daisy Mayberry had a sense of peace, as if she knew that what her doctor said was true, but that she had already accepted it. That was not the case, however. She had learned about her condition and taken in the information but not yet accepted it. Once she did that, all the pain and shock she was feeling would become real, but she couldn’t face that reality quite yet.

She had just finished getting ready when there was a knock on her door. She was surprised to see it was Bill Simpson, her husband of thirty-three years. She wasn’t expecting him home so soon, but he had left for work only an hour earlier. Daisy took his hand as he came through the door and kissed it.

“Hello, sweetheart.”

Daisy was surprised by her husband’s tone. He sounded so serious.

“Hello, Bill. Is something wrong?”

The two moved over to the couch for a moment of silence before Bill spoke.

“I just came home to let you know that I had a talk with your doctor today. I wanted to let you know what we talked about before you heard it from someone else.”

Bill Simpson was a gentle man, but this night he was very somber and intense. Daisy looked at her husband and took a deep breath before speaking. Bill moved closer as he waited for his wife to speak. Their children had moved out years ago and moved to distant places, but the Simpsons were still close.

“What did the doctor say?”

Simpson moved onto the couch beside his wife and looked down at her before speaking.

“The doctor says you have terminal cancer.”

Daisy was speechless as the words sank into her mind. Simpson moved closer and held the hand of his wife in his own.

“Now, don’t worry darling, we can get through this together as a family. We will all help you through your illness and make sure that you and the kids are taken care of after I’m gone. The Simpson home will always be here for you and the kids.”

Simpson moved his hand to hold Daisy’s head as he spoke. Daisy had tears running down her face, but she never let go of her husband’s hand as Simpson continued speaking.

Simpson moved his hand from the back of Daisy’s head and into her hair as he spoke.

“Hey, stop it! Stop moving so much! You are worse than a child who doesn’t want to take a bath!”

Daisy was still crying, but she did stop moving when her husband moved his hand from her hair and onto her shoulder. Daisy felt him pull her closer to him on the couch. He started rubbing her back to help calm her down.

As soon as Daisy started calming down, Simpson stopped rubbing her back, but kept holding her in his arms. He looked with his eyes into the face of his wife and smiled.

“Darling, I will never leave you. I will stay by your side till the day that I die and we will both go together when our time comes to an end.”

Daisy was trying hard not to cry again, but she couldn’t help it as she heard her husband speak. She managed to give a small smile in return and speak quietly back to him.

“I know that you won’t leave me, Bill. I just need you to hold me right now.”

Simpson smiled back at his wife’s answer before he turned her face up towards him. He was about to kiss her when there was a knock on the door of their home. Daisy jumped in surprise and Simpson stopped what he was doing for a moment to answer the door.

Simpson opened the door and saw Tanya Swanson, the librarian, standing there. She looked upset and Simpson knew that whatever was happening it was not good news for him or his wife.

“Hello, Ms. Swanson. What is going on? Is something wrong at the library?”

Simpson moved out of the way so that the librarian could enter their home. He then closed their door and returned to where his wife was standing, waiting for him to return.

“Please come in here, Ms. Swanson. I don’t want to keep you waiting outside.”

Swanson moved into the living room of their home and waited for Simpson to close the door behind them before she spoke up.

“I came here to let you know that your mother is in the hospital and they said that she needs you to come visit her as soon as possible. She is there now.”

The tone of Swanson’s voice told Simpson that something was serious and he moved quickly to the kitchen to get a bottle of water from the refrigerator. He then moved back into the living room and sat next to Swanson on their sofa.

“What happened? Is she okay? Is my father with her?”

Swanson looked down at her hands as she rubbed them together and then she looked at Daisy Mayberry’s daughter, Lisa, for an answer.

“I’m not sure what happened, but I would guess that she got sick and the doctors admitted her to the hospital. I’m sure your father is there with her.”

Simpson stood up and moved to where he could look out through the front window of his home. Simpson started to pace, looking down at the pavement, then he stopped to look back at Swanson and Lisa. Simpson was trying hard to remain calm, but he was starting to feel his heart begin to race.

Simpson had worked in the family hardware store since he was a teenager. He moved into the home his parents had built when he married Daisy Mayberry. Simpson loved his daughter and wife more than anything else in the world, but he knew that there was only one thing in his life that meant more to him than anything else – the success of his family’s hardware store. Simpson knew that he could move on after his wife and daughter passed away, but he wasn’t sure if his heart could heal if the hardware store closed.

Simpson finally looked up at Swanson and Lisa, “I’m going to the store,” he said. Simpson walked out of his home and got into the blue Ford pickup.

As Simpson headed to the store, he grabbed his cell phone from his overcoat pocket. He called Tom Simpson, an employee at the hardware store that Simpson had asked to close up for the day. Simpson walked into the hardware store and moved towards the front. Simpson felt his heart begin to beat faster as he neared the counter at the front of his store. Simpson moved towards a small closet that was behind the counter, where he kept extra keys.

Simpson pulled a key out of his pocket and opened the small closet door. He put the key in the lock and turned it to the right. Then he moved to the left, turned the key, and opened up a small door. Simpson moved down a short flight of stairs and entered his basement apartment.

Simpson locked the door behind him and sat down at his couch. He removed his overcoat and threw it on the ground. He glanced at a picture of his wife in the living room.

Daisy Mayberry was beautiful because she had a kind soul and was always willing to help others in their time of need. She had long blond hair that her husband kept trimmed short, despite her attempts to convince him otherwise. Her favorite color was red, and she wore a lot of red clothing. Lisa Chambers loved her mother dearly because Daisy had always been there for Lisa, and taught her many things about life.

Lisa Chambers was 35 years old. She had also inherited the same fair complexion as her mother and father. Lisa had light brown hair that came to her shoulders and green eyes. She wore a white long-sleeved shirt under her white lab coat, blue jeans, and tennis shoes.

Lisa moved to the bathroom and shut off the light switch. She opened up the medicine cabinet above the sink and removed a pair of tweezers and a small magnifying glass from the top shelf. Lisa positioned the magnifying glass over her mother’s left breast and moved the tweezers to each side of a small growth that protruded from her mother’s chest. Lisa moved the tweezers back and forth until she was able to pull out a small brown hair follicle on her twelfth attempt.

Lisa Chambers was working as a general practice doctor in her hometown. Her office was located in the same building where she had spent her childhood, right next to her mother’s hardware store, Daisy’s Place. Lisa moved to the other side of the sink and gently washed her hands with soap and hot water. She dried her hands with a paper towel that she had previously placed over the sink. She looked at herself in the mirror before putting on a pair of rubber gloves. Lisa moved back to the side of her mother’s hospital bed, grabbed the tweezers and magnifying glass, and removed four more hair follicles from Daisy’s breast.

Lisa then went to her office, which was located on the second floor of the building. She switched on her office lights and set up her computer. Lisa opened her desk drawer and placed the four hair follicles in a small plastic bag along with other items she had collected from samples of Daisy’s blood. She sat in her office chair, moved the mouse to click on the Microsoft Word icon, and opened a blank document. Lisa typed the word “Treatment” in the title bar of her Word document. She began to type in a detailed description of Daisy’s medical condition, which she had written down from memory before she left the hospital. Lisa tried to remain calm while she wrote down the list of symptoms that doctors had observed, as well as their opinions and possible diagnoses. She described the different chemotherapy and radiation treatments that Daisy had already undergone, including their effectiveness and side effects.

She moved the mouse to drag a table into her Word document, which she had previously created in Microsoft Excel. The table was divided into three columns. The first column listed the names of clinical trials that Lisa had found online. The second column recorded the number of patients enrolled in each clinical trial and the progress they had achieved in terms of survival rates, tumor shrinkage, and reduction of side effects. Finally, the third column calculated the probability of success for each drug based on the results of clinical trials that had already been conducted.

Lisa moved her mouse to drag a graph from her Excel table into her Word document. She wrote all the information about successful clinical trials in the graph’s columns. She also added all clinical trials in development and their projected launch dates to the graph.

After moving the mouse across the screen, Lisa was able to select all of her Excel tables and move them into her Word document.

Lisa moved the mouse to go back to the first page of her Word document, where she recorded a detailed list of medical treatments and other useful information about clinical trials for the most common types of cancer.

Moving the mouse to select her Word document’s first page once again, Lisa moved it to a blank page on her computer screen, which she then filled in with a list of experimental treatments for advanced breast cancer. Moving the mouse to select a cell in her Excel table, Lisa highlighted a group of cells that contained two pieces of information: the patient’s type of cancer and the stage at which it was discovered. Moving from one cell to the next, Lisa moved all of this information into her Word document. Moving the mouse to a blank spot on her computer screen, Lisa then created a new table where she recorded all of the patients who were scheduled to participate in an experimental treatment with a drug called ZX-71. She moved all of these patients into her Word document. She then added the patient’s age, weight, and height to each record and moved that data into her Word document, as well.

Lisa was able to see from her graph that the other drugs had not worked as well against the particular type of breast cancer that Daisy had been diagnosed with. Moving the mouse to open a new Excel window, Lisa recorded the number of years that the patients who had participated in these studies lived before they succumbed to the disease. As expected, there were some outliers, but most of them died during the first two or three years. Although she had only included a small group of patients in her chart, the data indicated that Daisy’s chances for survival would be no better than fifty-fifty if she participated in a drug trial.

Moving the mouse to close her Excel window, Lisa decided it was time to make use of Daisy’s home computer. She knew that Daisy had been struggling with her mobility at home because she was unable to bend over or even stand without losing her balance. Moving her mouse to Daisy’s profile icon on the task bar, Lisa opened Daisy’s home laptop and moved it onto the counter near the kitchen sink. She then opened a new Word document on Daisy’s home computer and began typing.

Daisy is now home from the hospital. Her chemotherapy started today, and she will need to spend a lot of time lying down for the next few days. It will be important that she does not fall or hurt herself while recovering from her chemotherapy treatments, so Daisy’s house has been modified to make it safer for her. She now has a wheelchair ramp at the front door and one at the back door as well. She also has a chair lift in her front hallway that enables her to move between the main level and upstairs with ease. Daisy moved into this house in July of last year, but had never really left Daisy’s home since then.

Moving the cursor to the right to open a new page, Lisa started typing again. Daisy had never left home because she was too weak when she arrived back in August, and then her health quickly deteriorated before stabilizing. Daisy’s house was retrofitted for her needs, and she needed continuous care until just last week. Her family and friends have been taking turns caring for her around the clock, with each person providing four hour time blocks every day. Fortunately, they have all been available to help her out during this time of need, because Daisy’s situation is very serious. And now Lisa was sitting at her desk in Mayberry Medical Center typing this information into a Word document and hoping that it would help save Daisy’s life.

Lisa was surprised how easily she had managed to adapt her skills from engineering to medicine. She had been working full-time in the emergency department for the past month, and she had been quite busy. But now she was on her lunch break, sitting at her computer, doing research for a colleague. And when she was done, Lisa planned on going back to work and continuing with her regular duties.

Lisa had been working on a treatment for Daisy’s cancer for the past five weeks, so she decided to take a short break from her research and check on her mother, while she was still at work. When Lisa got home last night after spending the day at the hospital, Daisy had taken an unexpected turn for the worse, and Lisa spent all of Monday night tending to her mother’s needs. After she got up this morning, Lisa found a light jacket and headed out in the cool October air to go to work. She didn’t need any coffee or breakfast; she just went straight to her office to resume her work.

Lisa was typing at a furious pace when her cell phone rang in the other room. She moved to the kitchen and picked it up off of the counter. “Hi, Mom,” Lisa said.

“Hi, sweetheart,” Daisy said. Her voice was raspy, as Lisa had expected it to be.

Lisa moved into her office and pulled up a chair beside her desk. “I’m at work right now, Mom; I have some paperwork to finish before I go back out to the hospital this afternoon.” Lisa sat down and rested her head against the top of her desk. She closed her eyes for a moment, trying to get a handle on the tension that had started to build in her shoulders. She gave herself a moment to collect herself before she spoke again. “What can I do for you?” Lisa finally said.

“Well, here’s something I want you to do. I need you to go to my office and get that little notebook out of my desk drawer. There are some important instructions in there for you, and then I have some final words of wisdom for your kids. After that, I just need you to focus on getting better now.”

Lisa stood up at this point and walked into the other room to collect Daisy’s notebook. She returned to her chair and opened up the notebook. The first few pages were dedicated to instructions on how their family was going to take care of things while she was away, and the last few pages contained some words of wisdom that she wanted her children to read after they got over the initial shock of her passing.

Just before she started reading, Lisa stopped and held the notebook up for a moment, considering her words. “You know, maybe I shouldn’t read this part of the notebook to them.”

“Oh? Why not?”

“It might be too much to handle at one time. It might be too much for them to process all at once.”

Lisa stopped to consider that point for a moment, then looked up at Daisy. “Can I just tell them some things right now, and read the rest of the words later?”

“Of course. Whatever you think is best for your children. But there are some things that I have written down that I would like them to hear before I pass on.”

Lisa nodded her head and settled back into her chair. “Okay, well first, they should know that you wrote about how proud you were of them. Both the way they have dealt with this so far, and the way they have taken care of everything at home while I’m at the hospital with you. You talked a lot about how much confidence you had in them to do the job, even when I wasn’t here. You said that you thought Lisa was ready to handle almost everything, and that she was ready to take over the business if she ever had to. And you were also very proud of both of them for all their hard work in school. You said that you had a good feeling about the direction they were headed.” Lisa paused at this point, but she could see in Daisy’s eyes that she was still fully awake and listening. “I’m not sure when they should know about the other parts, though,” she continued. “You talked about some important things that will affect them when I’m gone. There were things that we need to talk about as a family.”

At this point, Daisy’s eyelids began to flutter a little bit and she gasped for air. Lisa looked over at the nurse at the desk and made some hand gestures, which got her attention. The nurse came over and checked Daisy’s vital signs before looking back at Lisa and nodding. “It’s probably just a side effect from these injections,” she explained. “She might need some oxygen for a few minutes, but she should be fine. Give her a second to rest and then try to talk again.”

Lisa nodded and put the side of her hand on Daisy’s forehead to check her temperature. “I should have brought your hat,” she said as she thought about what else might be troubling Daisy.

“Is it going to be all right?” Daisy asked in a groggy voice. “Are you going to be there when everything happens?”

Lisa tried to speak through her own nervousness. “Of course I will be there,” she assured Daisy and then moved closer to listen as the nurse explained what was happening. “I think you might be getting a little bit of a fever,” she said as she took Daisy’s pulse. “They just need to give you some oxygen and we should be on our way again soon. You have been such a trooper,” the nurse continued before turning to Lisa and adding, “You’ve been doing a terrific job of taking care of her. She’s got a great family. I know she will be fine.”

Lisa tried to control her breathing and nodded in response. “As soon as they give you the okay, I’ll go sit with my mom in the waiting room. She’s already told me all the things she wanted me to know if something happened,” she said before the nurse could interrupt.

Daisy opened her eyes and slowly turned her head toward Lisa. “Thank you for being there for all of us today,” she said. “I know it hasn’t been easy for you, but if there is any way I can repay you someday, just let me know.”

Lisa reached out a hand and brought it to her lips in response. “I don’t want to talk about that just yet. I just want to get through today and see how things look in the morning. After we talk to the doctor tomorrow, I’ll have a better idea of what we need to do after you leave here.”

When Lisa turned back toward Daisy, her eyes were filled with tears. The nurse stepped up beside them and wiped her hand on a tissue before reaching out to touch Daisy’s arm.

“Mrs. Mayberry, I think your daughter is worn out and needs to go home for a little while before coming back this evening. She has been such a help today and really been an inspiration to many of the other patients. I know she is a special person, but her strength today has been so uplifting to everyone here.”

Daisy nodded in agreement as the nurse spoke. “I think she should go home too. She gets up early every day, comes to take care of me, and then gets back here before dark to do whatever I need her to do. If you don’t mind, I would like her to stay here with me tonight. I want us to talk for a while before she goes home.”

Lisa glanced over at her and smiled weakly, but it was obvious that the emotional strain from the day was now starting to show. As they stood up and started walking toward the door, Lisa reached out and squeezed her mom’s hand. “I know you are tired, but I’m glad you are staying here tonight. I really want to talk about this afternoon and what happened in my office.”

“Me too,” Daisy said as she squeezed her hand back. “I think you should get some rest though because I want to tell you all about it while it is still fresh in my mind.”

They both smiled at one another as they walked out of the room and started down the hall toward Lisa’s office. There was a sudden explosion of activity around them as nurses and doctors scurried to and fro with charts, medicine carts, equipment, and other assorted paraphernalia. However, the commotion abruptly ended as they entered the hallway and walked by without a glance at them.

In the quiet of the hallway, they made their way down to Lisa’s office and took seats across from each other on her sofa. “Okay, tell me everything you know about this trial,” Lisa said as she picked up her laptop and began turning it on.

Daisy sighed heavily as she sat back in the love seat and pulled her feet up underneath her. She pulled both hands through her hair in frustration, and then started talking. “I really don’t know much about it except that the doctor said it is an experimental treatment for people with the particular type of lung cancer I have. He told me that he was sending me to Memorial Hospital in St. Louis for an evaluation before I could be enrolled in the trial. He said he had been contacted by a research committee at the hospital and that they would meet me and evaluate me. I’m supposed to leave tomorrow at noon,” she said as she leaned back and covered her eyes with her hand.

Lisa sat behind her desk and folded her hands in front of her. “That’s great news! It will be such a relief to have you out of the house and somewhere where I can drop by whenever I need to. You’ve become too difficult to deal with lately,” she said. She quickly added, “I don’t mean that as an insult.”

Daisy looked at Lisa and smiled. “I know you didn’t mean it as an insult. I have been difficult to deal with lately, but maybe now that I am leaving for a while it will give you some rest and you won’t feel so overwhelmed. Maybe it will also relieve Bill of some of the stress he’s been under,” she said. They both sat silently for a moment before Daisy continued, “I think this could be the answer to our problems. I could come through this and we wouldn’t have to worry so much about where the money is going to come from. We could be financially secure again. And, as we used to say in school…it will be like having found the pot of gold at the end of a rainbow.”

“I agree,” said Lisa. She then added, “But what about me? How do I know that you’re going to come through this and be fine? What if it doesn’t work out and you die anyway? How can I go on living without you? You’re all I have. Who is going to take care of me?” Lisa was really crying now, and Daisy was comforted by her daughter’s tears.

“That will never happen,” she said. “I have faith in the doctors and my own determination not to give up. I know that God won’t let me down. He must have a plan for me. And besides, I’ll still be here with you, and we could get through this together.”

“I know you’re right,” responded Lisa slowly drying her eyes. “Now if you can just get the rest of the town to believe it, everything will be fine.”

Daisy laughed lightly. She then continued, “My friends and neighbors are doing their best to be supportive. But they all seem to have a hard time believing it too. I just wish they would…”

Lisa interrupted her. “What if they had seen what you’ve seen? Your treatments were so painful and debilitating at times that I would literally have to pull you through the house on your stomach so that you wouldn’t fall down. One of the worst days was when they made you stand up after you’d been lying flat on your back all day. I had to hold onto your arms and pull you to your feet. I thought we were going to have a nervous breakdown right there in the hospital room.”

“I remember,” replied Daisy quietly smiling. “But those days are over now, and the only thing that really worries me is whether I’ll be able to work here at the store when my treatments are over with. They’re so complicated and exacting that I just don’t know. But as long as I can take care of my own…”

Daisy paused for a moment. Then she lifted her head and gazed straight at Lisa. “Thank you for being here for me, baby; I couldn’t have made it without you. And it means so much to me that you believe I’ll come back from this. I don’t know how well you know Evelyn Chambers, but she’s the only other person that I can think of who would have such faith in me. She’s got a lot more of it than you do. You should talk to her sometime. She knows I’ll come back, too.”

Lisa said nothing.

Her mother had become very quiet again, and she stood up slowly, took a few steps across the room, and sat down on the long couch. She picked up the remote control lying next to her glass of iced tea, clicked it on, and watched the TV screen.

Lisa sat down beside her mother. She reached out and took Daisy’s hand. The younger woman was surprised at how hot it felt in her own. As they watched the TV, she said, “Mom, I’m worried about what will happen if you don’t come back. I will be all alone.”

Daisy looked over at her gently and squeezed Lisa’s hand. “I know, baby—it’s so hard on you to have me so sick like this. But I’ll be home on Saturday. You will see.”

Lisa moved her mouth and made noises, but no sound came out of her throat. She couldn’t say anything, not even the things she had been rehearsing in her mind for days on end, but now that she was here, right next to her, she could not make them come out.

She moved her hand from Daisy’s and put it on her own face, feeling the coldness of the skin through the thin cotton of her T-shirt. Her eyes were red; she could just make them out in the dim light. She moved her hand slowly down to the side of her neck, and then she touched the long scar that ran from her collarbone to below her ear. She did not move it away right away, but just traced over its length gently with her fingers.

She moved her hand away to look at it, and then moved her head slightly one way and then the other so she could see it from the left and then from the right.

“It’s so big, honey—it looks like a snake bite. They said the scar would go away in a few months, but it has been a year now, and it looks the same. I think they must have been wrong and that it will always look like that.” She moved her head back to look at her mother and smiled. “But you know what’s weird? I don’t even notice it anymore. It just blends in with everything else on my body.”

Her mother smiled at her, and then she took Daisy’s hand again. Her skin felt soft and warm, like a rose petal. Daisy closed her eyes for a second and felt the heat rising through her body.

“You know,” she continued, “I was so scared at first. But here I am a year later—cancer free—and that fear has completely disappeared. There are no more shadows on the horizon now that I have beaten the thing that was trying to kill me. And it wouldn’t be possible without all of you.”

She moved her head around in a circle, and everyone in the Mayberry community who had prayed for her or helped in any way stood up from where they were seated and cheered. She stood as well, and the group circled around her with smiles on their faces. Some of them brought their hands together in prayer, while others moved to give Daisy a hug or shake her hand.

“Thank you all so much,” she said when the parade had finally ended and everyone had returned to their seats. “You really don’t know how much this means to me. I am so amazed by all of the support I have gotten from Mayberry.

The townspeople and the people here in this square have helped me in ways that I never thought were possible, and for that I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. And for those of you who haven’t had the chance yet, there is still time to join Mayberry in their fight against cancer. You can join us on May 12th at 11 AM at Mayberry Square as we host Walk-a-Thon, which is a fundraiser for local cancer patients. We will have t-shirts and balloons available for purchase, so be sure to come down and support Mayberry.

The next few days were filled with visitors coming to see Daisy in the Mayberry Square. People came from miles away just to shake her hand and tell her how much they admired her. She happily talked with everyone, and gave each person words of encouragement as she had been doing for the last few days.

Mayberry Square was not the only place that was filled with visitors who had come to see Daisy; her home was also filled with visitors every day. Among the guests were many of those who had prayed for her during her battle with cancer and were relieved to see that their prayers had been answered. While some of the visitors were there to pay their respects, others came out of curiosity and just wanted to catch a glimpse of Daisy in person.

Daisy Mayberry was truly a hero, an inspiration to millions of people who watched her story with cancer unfold. Her story had become known worldwide, thanks to the internet and television. While she was not the only one in her community who had been stricken with cancer, she was definitely the most popular of them all.

A few years past after Daisy had beaten cancer and things were going as usual. She was happy to be alive, and very proud of herself for beating the disease. She had many ideas about how to help others with their problems, and decided that it was time to put those ideas into action.

The first thing she did was open up her own web site so that people from across the country and around the world could get in touch with her. She often received letters from cancer patients who were seeking advice about how to survive a cancer diagnosis and subsequent treatment.

She then established a non profit organization with the goal of providing aid to those in need. At first, the organization was called “Daisy’s Daisy Foundation”, in memory of her deceased pet dog. Over time, the name was changed to “The Mayberry Community Outreach”.

The non profit organization offered a broad range of services. The help that she offered ranged from financial assistance, to emotional counseling, to spiritual guidance. She also taught classes about how to cope with the stress of having cancer and provided educational materials about how to prevent the disease.

Over time, people from all over the world started looking up to her as an inspiration, especially those who had been diagnosed with cancer. As a result of her story they never lost hope and were determined to overcome their illness.

Even though she was not a medical professional by any stretch of the imagination, she was happy to share her own experiences and provide support in whatever way she could. She knew from personal experience how tough it was to deal with cancer on your own. She knew what it was like to lose all hope and become depressed when the fight against cancer seemed hopeless. And she knew that there were not enough resources in her community to help those who needed it.

She also knew firsthand how hard it was for family members to care for a loved one who is going through a long, debilitating illness. She was determined to do whatever she could to ease the burden for those who were struggling.

The Mayberry community was truly blessed to have Daisy Mayberry as their neighbor and friend.