Daisy Mayberry was always the kind of woman who thought of others. She was known as the sweetest lady in all of Mayberry and had spent her life taking care of everyone around her. Now that she was in her early 50s, she was the owner of Daisy’s Diner, a popular place for local residents to eat breakfast and lunch every day. She was also the wife of Bill Simpson, the local hardware store owner, and mother to Lisa Chambers, the town doctor.

	Daisy was a strong woman and no one ever imagined that she would be diagnosed with cancer. So it came as a complete shock to everyone when she showed up at the diner one morning looking pale and nervous. She told everyone that they had to close the diner for a whole week so she could have surgery and chemotherapy.

	“But we can’t do that,” Tanya said. “The town is too small to go without a diner for any amount of time!”

	Lisa nodded in agreement. “If we have to close down, people are going to leave Mayberry in droves. Besides, who is going to look after you?”The other people in the diner began to protest and beg Daisy not to do this but she was adamant. She told them that she would be fine on her own and that she just wanted some time to herself before the treatments started.

	After a lot of yelling and pleading, everyone eventually calmed down and Daisy left the diner with Lisa. They got into Lisa’s car and started driving slowly towards Daisy’s house.

	Daisy remained quiet throughout the entire drive until they were almost at her house. Then she finally spoke up.

	“I know I should have just asked for help but…” she said, trailing off.

	Lisa remained silent, hoping that Daisy would continue speaking on what was obviously bothering her.

“My mother died of cancer when I was 18 years old and…I don’t really remember what happened during that period but I know it broke my father’s heart. He fell into a deep depression and never entirely recovered from the loss of his wife. He never talked about it and he became very quiet and antisocial after that. He was always a hard worker but he stopped going to work for a few months and that led to him losing his job. We hadto sell our house and move into this one because he couldn’t keep up with the mortgage payments. I remember those days being very hard for my dad. It was difficult for the both of us but I think it was more difficult for him. He became sick himself a few years later and died alone in our basement.”

	She began crying again as she thought about how her father died and how she wasn’t there when he needed her most. She wiped the tears from her eyes with a tissue that Lisa gave her earlier.

“I promised myself that if I ever contracted cancer, my family would not have to go through what I did when my mother died. I promised myself that I would not die alone in some basement like my father did. Even if it meant asking for help, I was still going to beat this disease by myself. But…the idea of having someone around me who would care about me when I am sick, who wouldn’t mind talking to me in the silence of the night, well…it just got too much for me and that’s why I didn’t want anyone to know about my condition until it was too late.”Daisy looked at each one of us in turn, her eyes moist with tears.

	“I know you are all angry at me for keeping this from you. I understand if you don’t want to visit me once I have the surgery and go through treatment but…I will be here waiting for all of you. So don’t worry, okay?”

	She smiled weakly as she said this, a tear running down her face.

	“I think I have made some bad decisions over the last few days but this isn’t one of them. You know it is all right for you to cry by the way, we are all here to support you and your decision. There are no bad decisions in life Daisy. Everything will be okay as long as you are there for us too.”

	Joe hugged Daisy and kissed her on the forehead before leaving for his house which was located around the corner from the diner. Lisa followed him out with Maggie in her arms as Daisy could now see that her little granddaughter had been crying too.

	They walked down the steps of the diner and crossed the street into their modest, 2-story house with its white fence and front yard.Daisy entered the large living room which was carpeted in brown, shaggy fabric. Joe sat down on one of the two black couches that were in the middle of the floor. Lisa sat down on the opposite couch and pulled Maggie towards her as she rocked her to sleep.

	Daisy entered a small hallway that led to a bathroom and a small pantry where she kept all of her spices. She opened a drawer in the bottom left hand side of the pantry, took a box out and put it on the kitchen counter next to the sink. She pulled out several pairs of her worn pajama bottoms and found three identical old vests that covered her arms. She changed into a pair of her pajama bottoms and put on one of the vests, then sat at the kitchen counter. Lisa came back into the house with Maggie, who was still fast asleep in her arms.

	“What’s going on?” asked Lisa as she joined Daisy by the counter.

	Daisy explained to her what had happened after she went home from work that day. Lisa asked her what the doctor said and what kind of treatment they were going to be giving her but Daisy did not have any answersfor her. She had to wait for a call from the doctor which could take hours or days.

	Lisa asked Daisy if she wanted some tea and got a cup out of the kitchen cabinet. Lisa put it on the counter in front of Daisy and asked her if she wanted some lemon or honey to drink with it. Daisy told her that there was no need for lemons or honey because she only needed one ingredient in tea; water. Lisa filled two cups with water and poured them into the kettle on the stove top, then turned on the gas hob. 

	“Where’s Evelyn?” asked Lisa.

	Daisy told her that Evelyn was still at work and would probably be home soon. She had been working late for the past week and had not been able to spend much time with them. Joe left the house, saying that he was going to take a walk outside because he needed some fresh air.

	Joe walked down a small path which led from his house straight through a patch of woods and onto a farm where he knew one of the farmers personally. He knocked on the farmer’s door, then stepped inside when he answered it. They spoke for a few moments about their families and then Joe explained tothe farmer that Daisy was unwell. He told him that she had been diagnosed with cancer a week ago and was being sent to the hospital in Springfield later today for an operation. The farmer was visibly shocked by this news, but wished Daisy well and told her that he would keep her in his prayers. Joe had decided to tell the truth about the situation so that no-one could gossip about it, but he never expected that everyone would be so supportive of their family.

	Eventually, Evelyn did arrive home from work and she hugged Daisy before Lisa could even ask if she wanted tea or any other drinks. They were sitting in the kitchen while Lisa put a slice of bread into the toaster and Evelyn brought out two plates out of the cupboard and began serving dinner for them all.

	“This is so cool!” exclaimed Maggie.

	Maggie was a young girl who lived with her parents on their farmland in town. She had known Daisy for many years even before Daisy was married to Bill. Lisa thought that she needed to talk to Maggie more often because she knew a lot of the young people in Diner because she was a librarian, but Lisa didn’t really have much time because she had Daisy, Joeand three cats to look after herself. The only one at home without a job was Maggie, who looked after the domestic animals on her parents’ farm as well as taking care of them when they were sick.

	Maggie sat down at the table and started eating her dinner while Lisa filled her in on what had happened. Maggie asked if the doctor had told them how long it would take for Daisy to recover from the surgery and Lisa told her that he’d said that it could be anywhere between one to two months. Maggie was so worried about this news that she started to cry and she went upstairs to Bill and Maggie’s bedroom so that she could be alone.

	Lisa asked Evelyn what they should do about Maggie while Daisy was in the hospital, and she suggested that she should stay at their house for the next few weeks. Then it would only be a few weeks until school started up again and Maggie could return to her grandparents’ place.

	Lisa felt guilty about this because they wouldn’t be able to look after Maggie for only a few weeks. They were looking after Daisy the whole time, and it shouldn’t be too much of a problem because Daisy was the easiest patient in the world. Shejust needed people to care for her, make sure that she ate regularly and didn’t get too tired from the medication.

	The only other problem was that Lisa had to find a way to get Daisy to eat her meals on time so that she wouldn’t get sick; Daisy tended to stay up until three or four in the morning before going for a lie-down on the couch downstairs, and by eleven o’clock she would be hungry again.

	Then Lisa remembered when she had visited her oncologist during school holidays and asked him what he thought about having Daisy stay with her in her room for most of the time while she was at school. He said that it was better that way because it prevented people from worrying about her.

	As long as Lisa had things to do, she could forget about being worried herself; but when she had nothing to do, and no one else around, all of those thoughts would start running through her mind again—would this treatment work? Should she have let them operate on her? Was it right to bring a child into the world knowing that they might suffer from the same illness as her mother? The only thing that kept Lisa going was thinking about Maggie and how much better off she would bein the hands of her family than in a hospital or an orphanage.

	It took Lisa a while to convince her parents that Maggie should spend more time at home, because they didn’t want to leave her alone all day; eventually, though, they agreed to it.

	Her dad had the foresight to order a large amount of food at work, so by the time Lisa got home from school there were always enough leftovers in the fridge for two or three meals.

	There were the four meals in Daisy’s room that she ate with Lisa, but then she also ate three meals downstairs with her husband Joe; not to mention all of the snacks she would have throughout the day.

	When Daisy moved into Lisa’s room, it meant that they all had to adjust their own schedules; Lisa had to start getting up an hour earlier in order to make breakfast for everyone before school, which meant that she would sometimes have to go to bed as late as ten o’clock at night.

	But she didn’t mind because she was doing it for her mom. Plus, the more time Daisy spent at home and with the family, the more likely it was that she would feel better about herself andthat she would be more inclined to fight the cancer.

	Today, though, Lisa could feel a headache coming on; she had been working non-stop on the project for Mr. Simpson’s class for over a week and it was finally starting to catch up with her.

	She wanted nothing more than to lie down and take a nap; but she didn’t want to miss out on any of the time she had left with Daisy, so she decided that she would push through it and go to school anyway.

	The headache got worse as the day went on, but she managed to force herself to get through all of her classes in spite of it. When the last bell rang, she couldn’t wait to go home and sleep; but again, she felt guilty about leaving her mom alone.

	Still, there was no way that she could have stayed awake another minute; so she set her books down on her desk in the front of the classroom and went back to her locker to put away her books.

	The hallways were practically deserted; only a few other students were still roaming the halls, and none of them happened to be heading in the direction of Lisa’s locker.She put her books away as quickly as she could and then hurried to her car like a woman possessed. She just wanted to get home to see Daisy; she did not want to be anywhere else right now.

	As soon as Lisa got into the driver’s seat, she felt an overwhelming sense of relief wash over her; but it was shattered by the sight she saw when she got out of her car: a crowd of people surrounding Daisy’s old jalopy, which was parked in front of the Simpson house.

	Lisa approached cautiously, trying to see who was standing around her mother’s car; but by the time she got close enough to identify them, Daisy had already gotten into her own car and driven off. All that was left were a few empty beer cans and a cigarette lying on the ground.

	Lisa couldn’t believe it; she had been so busy with school and work that she forgot it was Friday; it must have been some kind of party that they were having at the diner today.

	She knew that Daisy had been going out alone a lot recently because she didn’t want Maggie to get sick from being exposed to all of the germs at the hospital; but hermother was usually well-rested and alert when she came back, so Lisa thought that she must be in good health.

	Lisa slowly approached the gathering and was surprised to see that almost everyone she knew was there: Mr. Simpson, Evelyn, Joe and Tanya Swanson, Patty and Selma Bouvier, Mary-Lee Johnston, Herb Powell… She suddenly realized that Daisy’s cancer was a town secret and wondered how long it had been before they had invited her to join their group.

	In fact, this secret is shared by almost everyone in Mayberry because Daisy did not want anyone to worry about her or feel sorry for her. In fact, she never wanted anyone to know about it. But lately, she seemed to be less concerned about covering up her condition and was therefore more inclined to spend time outside with her friends.

	Finally, the group dispersed and Lisa found herself alone in front of Daisy’s old jalopy. She looked down at the cigarette butt on the ground and then up at her house. She needed to get inside, so she could go back into her room and check on Daisy.

	Even though it was only four o’clock in the afternoon, it felt like ten o’clock at night. She needed to sleep, but she knew that taking a nap during the day was not normal — especially for someone who had a lot of homework to do. Her eyelids were heavy and her head was pounding. She decided that she should just go inside and lie down on her bed for a while… maybe until Daisy came home from work; she might be able to help Lisa relax.

	But as soon as Lisa stepped into the house, she realized there was no way she could sleep right away. Her brain would not let her relax until she had checked on Daisy. She quickly changed out of her school clothes and put on a pair of jeans. Next, she brushed her teeth and ran a comb through her hair. Then she grabbed her purse and left the house again.

	She walked barefoot down the sidewalk and then across Main Street to the diner. As she entered the restaurant, everyone looked up from their food… shocked that there was someone else in Mayberry besides themselves.

	But when they saw that it was just Lisa, they put down their forks and waited for her to sit down. She nodded as she walked past each table and ordered a piece of raspberry pie.She sat down at the booth next to Daisy’s usual seat. It was right by the window and she saw that it had been left free for her mother.

	She tried to enjoy her meal with all of those townspeople watching her, but she couldn’t concentrate on anything because she was so worried about the cancer. No one had told her anything else since this morning and it was driving her crazy — especially that weird pink thing they took out of Daisy’s stomach. She kept thinking about how nice it was to feel healthy and energetic… just like Daisy did all the time. It was not fair that people got sick. No one should have to go through pain or discomfort.

	As soon as Lisa was done eating, she left the diner. Her legs felt like they were going to collapse underneath her and her head was clouded with fog. She could not believe that she had run so far without realizing it. When she finally reached Daisy’s house, she stopped to catch her breath before knocking on the door.

	She knocked three times and then heard footsteps coming from inside the house. The door opened slowly and Lisa’s mother stood in the doorway wiping her hands on a dish towel.She looked up at Lisa with a smile and said, “Lisa, honey… what are you doing here? Did you and Josh fight again?”

	“No, Mom. We didn’t fight this time. I just wanted to come by and see you guys.”

	When Daisy saw Lisa standing there with a worried look on her face, she immediately grew concerned. She thought that maybe Lisa had found out about the cancer from someone else or perhaps another doctor had called her. She was right to worry because that very thing had just happened.

	“Sweetie… you know that I don’t like your father to tell me too much about my appointments with the doctors because he gets so upset. But I got a phone call from one of them this morning and they said that there is no trace of the disease in my body anymore. They didn’t even need to do any more tests!”

	Daisy began to cry and as she embraced her daughter, she said, “Oh, Lisa… I am so relieved to hear that everything is okay now. And I am so happy that we can be honest about this with you now.”As Daisy wiped the tears from her eyes, she looked at Lisa and said, “Sweetie… I am just so glad that you didn’t have to go through all of this by yourself. I love you so much.”

	Lisa walked over to her mother’s bedside and said, “Mom… how long have you known?”

	Daisy answered, “I knew from the very beginning. I was diagnosed about six months ago and ever since then your father and I have been doing everything we can to treat it. We tried all kinds of medicine and even had some experimental treatments that were unsuccessful. But in the end, it was the love and kindness of our family and friends that helped me get through this.”

	Lisa sat down on the other side of her mother’s bed and smiled at her saying, “Well, you know that we love you very much and when we heard what was going on… well, we just couldn’t let it go. So as bad as Dad is at keeping secrets, he managed to keep this one from me for a long time. And I think it was for the best.”Daisy chuckled and said, “I suppose that it might’ve been for the best. It has been a long six months and you have all helped me more than you can know.”

	Lisa continued, “I just wish that I could have been there for you, Mom. So many times I wanted to come over and spend time with you; but every time I did, Dad was there and you seemed so happy that I left and went home.”

	Daisy answered, “Well… Dad didn’t know everything and sometimes it was easier to stay in denial. But… now that we know everything, we can prepare ourselves for the treatments and make sure that we are there for each other.”

	Lisa said smiling, “I still can’t believe that this is happening to you and that I could have lost you so soon! I guess Dad and Maggie were right when they said that you are always with me… even if I don’t realize it.”

	With tears in her eyes, Daisy asked, “What do you mean?”

	Lisa got up and walked over to her closet and opened the door. She grabbed abox from the back and sat back down on the bed next to her mother.

	Daisy took the box from Lisa’s hands and looked at it for a moment, wondering what she could be hiding from her. She then turned it so that she could read what was on top of the box. It read, “Mama’s Keepsakes for Lisa.”

	Lisa looked at her mother with a smile on her face and said, “It is time to pull Mama out of denial and help her to see all of the strength that she really has. Let’s open this box, together!”

	Daisy took a deep breath and wiped away the tears from her eyes. Together they slowly opened the clasp on the box and carefully removed the lid. They then reached inside of the box and pulled out one item at a time.

	The first thing that they pulled out was Daisy’s favorite picture of their family taken years ago when Lisa was still a little girl. It was an eight by ten photo of them all together on the beach in front of their home. They were all smiling and laughing, with the exception of Maggie who was being held tightly by her mother, Daisy. Mr. Simpson was taking the picture and he had caught them all unaware of his presence behind them, but it had turned out to be a very funny photo. This was the only photo that they had that had been taken professionally, and it was by far the best and most precious one that they had ever owned.

	Next they pulled out another album containing photographs that depicted all of the best moments in their lives together as a family. The pictures were also taken professionally and they depicted all of the happy moments that Daisy wished she could return to… but hadn’t been able to. There were pictures from birthdays, holidays, vacations, sporting events and school functions. There were even some candid shots of Mr. Simpson when he wasn’t paying attention to what the camera was doing as it captured his picture.

	It kept getting harder for Daisy to open up each new item that they removed from the box, but she knew that she had to do this if she wanted to see any happiness in her future. The next items that they took out were some books. Lisa handed them to Daisy first and then took them back from her again as they opened each cover hoping to see a story that did not have an ending of death and sorrow.

	The first book was an old photo album that had pictures of Daisy and her family in it when she was younger.