  As the day approached when Gabriel was to move out of his parents’ house, he began thinking about how it would feel to be alone without them. He was going to be in charge of everything, and all his life he had been in charge of very little.

He would have to buy groceries, cook meals, pay bills. He would have to take out the garbage, and clean the bathroom. He would have to do all these things for himself.

And this was just what his parents wanted for him. They had worked hard all their lives so that he could move out of their house and become his own person.

Gabriel Martin, who was 24 years old, moved out of the parental home to start an independent life on his own. He had lived with his parents all his life, and he never felt like he had done enough for them. So now they were helping him move out.

Gabriel moved out of the house where he lived most of his life with his two younger sisters, and packed up all of his things into a small blue car. He had been living in this house all these years, and only now did he realize how much stuff he accumulated. Books, CDs, movies, clothes, furniture, kitchen appliances… He had a lot of things.

He started to pack his small blue car with all of his stuff. His sister’s car was filled up so full that there was no room for any more boxes. Gabriel got in the car with his packed bags, and drove to his new apartment. His family was following him in their own car. His father drove his own blue car, and his mother was sitting beside him. His older sister drove her own red car, and Gabriel’s younger sister rode with her in the front seat. Gabriel followed them in his own small car, and he was very excited about his new apartment.

He parked his car in front of the main entrance of the building, and he got out to check if the unit number was right. He looked at it to make sure he was entering the right unit. It was on the second floor, and it had a nice view of a big park right across the street.

His family arrived behind him in their own cars, and they all entered his new apartment together. Gabriel went into his new bedroom first, and put down all of his boxes there. He moved around furniture to make his new bed, and then he hung up all of his clothes and put his things away in the closet. He made a place for everything in the cabinets and drawers, then he started unpacking all of his stuff. He had organized it by category, so it went quite easily.

His mother saw that the apartment looked nice, and she told him that it was very nice. His sister also complimented him on his new place, so he was feeling happy.

Gabriel’s father saw that Gabriel still needed a microwave, and he asked where Gabriel wanted to keep it. Gabriel said it could go next to the refrigerator. His father said he would help him carry it, and Gabriel did not mind that at all. While they were going to the kitchen, his mother took out some kitchen tools and utensils from a drawer, and she started putting them in the cabinets. She told Gabriel to go through another drawer and see if there was anything else he needed.

Gabriel went into the next bedroom, where he saw that all of his belongings were already unpacked and put away. He had left a few things in the previous bedroom, which was now empty. He brought them to his bedroom, and put them in the spot where they belonged.

Gabriel’s mother and father helped him move his microwave into the kitchen, then they went back into Gabriel’s bedroom.

They were putting all of Gabriel’s other things away when they noticed that he still had clothes and shoes piled up on his bed. Gabriel said he was moving them into his closet. His bedroom was only big enough for a twin bed and a small dresser, so there was no room for a full-size closet. So he was stuffing all of his clothing into his closet and leaving the door open so he could reach through the door to get what he needed.

Gabriel said, “I have a lot of stuff. I have all my clothes and shoes, and all of my books and CDs. I also have a lot of video games, and a few board games, too. And I have some towels and other stuff in another bag.”

Gabriel’s father said, “Oh, that’s going to be a tight squeeze in there. You might want to pack some things away, and put some of your books on the dresser.”

Gabriel said, “I have all of my clothes in bags. I can fit them all in there, I think. And I have lots of room for my CDs and DVDs next to my computer desk. And my video games are on top of the pile of clothes in the closet, so they can move to my desk, too.”

Gabriel’s father said, “Oh, okay. Just pack some things away if you need to, and don’t worry about it. We just wanted to make sure that you have everything you need. Moving is stressful enough on its own, and having to pack and unpack a bunch of stuff would be even more stressful.”

Gabriel said, “I already put all my personal stuff away in my new room. All there is left is the kitchen stuff from this room.”

Gabriel’s mother said, “Well, what about the laundry? Did you do any while you were on spring break?”

Gabriel said, “No. I didn’t. I was going to do it during the week, but I was busy with work and other stuff.”

Gabriel’s father said, “Okay, just remember to do it before you run out of clothes. Speaking of which… You still need to buy a microwave.”

Gabriel said, “I have one at home.”

Gabriel’s mother said, “Oh. Well, you should bring it then.”

Gabriel’s sister said, “Well, at least you won’t be living with someone who has loud sex all the time. I wouldn’t want to live with that.”

Gabriel said, “Yeah, my neighbors are loud, to say the least.”

Charles Baker was Gabriel’s neighbor. He was a big guy for his age and liked to work out every morning at six o’clock sharp. Sometimes he would loudly slam the barbell down on the floor of his apartment before going down to the basement. Gabriel complained about his noisy upstairs neighbor to him one day, and Charles told him, “You should learn to wake up early like me. It wakes you up better than coffee.” Gabriel went into detail about how he was having trouble sleeping because of his noisy neighbor. He explained about hearing loud footsteps and slamming doors at all hours of the night, which disrupted his sleep schedule. He said he knew all about their loud sex – even what they were saying through the walls – and even that they were naked when Gabriel heard loud knocking sounds. Gabriel told him about his noisy neighbor having a friend over and how he would often stay up for hours talking to him. Sometimes he would hear people screaming at one another, and once in a while, there was loud crying coming from his neighbor upstairs. Sometimes his friends would stay over at Gabriel’s apartment, and the noisy neighbors would shout profanities and threaten to call the police. They did this even when Gabriel and his friends were quiet, so Gabriel knew they were just being malicious. They did their best to be quiet, but it was difficult because they were playing video games, watching television, or making noise while they were making dinner at Gabriel’s house.

Gabriel had warned his neighbor several times about being too loud and asked him to keep it down. He explained to Charles that he would try to be quiet when he comes home late at night, but if his girlfriend is really upset about something, she needs to talk to him. Gabriel told his neighbor that the thing that disturbed him the most was the loud music played by his roommate, Alex. Alex liked heavy metal music and liked to blast it in his headphones while he was gaming or studying for school. Gabriel did not mind this because he liked some of the music, but he could not concentrate and complete his homework with the music blasting in Alex’s headphones.

Gabriel explained to Charles how he had tried to talk to Alex about this problem, but nothing changed. When Gabriel asked him to turn it down, Alex would tell him that there was no way he could turn it down more because he had already turned it all the way down. Gabriel tried wearing ear plugs or noise-reducing headphones, but this did not help much.

Gabriel really loved his apartment and especially enjoyed cooking in his kitchen. He had a small kitchen with a white kitchen table with small kitchen chairs, a black refrigerator, a gas stove with four burners and oven. Gabriel tried to figure out how to store his pots and pans without taking up too much space in his tiny kitchen, so he hung them on hooks above his stove using a magnetic strip that he bought from the Internet. He liked to watch food shows and get ideas for new recipes to try, but the TV in his living room was far away from the kitchen.

Gabriel liked to watch cooking videos on YouTube and see what kind of meals other people made. He liked to try a variety of different foods and cuisines, but he did not have much space or countertop space in his small kitchen. Gabriel only had a small dining table and four chairs. Gabriel needed to make sure that his plates, glasses, silverware and other dishes that he needed were placed strategically around his small dining table in such a way that they would not get knocked over. Gabriel learned to be very careful while cooking and use the shortest and most efficient path from the refrigerator to where he was putting the food on his plate. He learned that it was best not to try to cook anything too fancy or complicated, because he did not have enough space in his tiny kitchen.

Gabriel had a gas oven with two burners, so he could only bake one item at a time. He had to make sure that he left enough space between each item to be able to open the oven door and remove the finished dish without having to move any other dishes. He needed a lot of freezer space because he could only store a few items in his refrigerator at a time.

Gabriel had lived on his own before, so he knew how to cook simple meals. But now, Gabriel was living on his own for the first time, and he was learning how to cook more fancy dishes. He moved into his tiny apartment with a small kitchen, so he had to learn to get creative.

Gabriel was originally from a small town in Colorado, where there were many scenic hiking trails and biking routes. However, Gabriel was in the city now, where there were not many hiking or biking trails nearby. Gabriel liked going to the local park and jogging on the paved trails. Gabriel lived close to the beach, where he enjoyed hanging out at the boardwalk with his friends. Gabriel was doing all of these things to keep himself busy and stay active while he looked for a job.

Gabriel had a big social circle, since he attended college in a large city, where he met many people from all over the world. Gabriel stayed in touch with these people, and it was nice to have a support network of friends when moving to a new city. Gabriel had some family members who lived nearby. Gabriel moved closer to them so that they could take care of him if he ever needed anything.

Gabriel started looking for a job right away, but he had no luck at first. Gabriel was unsure what kind of job to be looking for because he did not have enough experience in any one field yet. There was a period of time when Gabriel could not find a job. Gabriel did not like living off of his savings, but he had to use them until he could find a job. Gabriel’s parents wanted him to stay on their health insurance plan back home, since it was cheaper. Gabriel still paid rent and bills in the city where he lived. Gabriel did not want to fall behind in paying his bills.

Once Gabriel found a job, he earned enough money to pay his expenses easily without having to rely on his savings. Gabriel made enough money to visit the local bars and clubs with his friends, but he did not go out as much as they did. Gabriel had a girlfriend now, and he wanted to spend more time with her instead of his other friends.

Gabriel started dating Lina Sanchez. He met her at one of the places where he had gone out with his friends in the past few weeks. Lina Sanchez was Gabriel’s friend’s ex-girlfriend, but she became his girlfriend after a while.

Lina Sanchez was Gabriel’s first girlfriend from a different culture. She was from Italy, and she studied creative writing at a local university in Denver. She came to America when she was nineteen years old. Gabriel met her when he was twenty years old.

Gabriel met her at a bar where Lina Sanchez used to go with her family. Her parents owned the restaurant, and they were there most of the time. They spoke Italian and English with their customers when they ate there. Gabriel met Lina Sanchez while he was out with his friends drinking beer and smoking cigarettes.

Gabriel met her because she was a beautiful girl. She had dark brown eyes, brunette hair, and olive skin. She had a slender body and long black hair that reached down to her waistline. She always wore fashionable clothes, and she looked like a Hollywood actress.

They started to get closer after a few weeks. Gabriel walked her home one night, and they kissed each other in front of the restaurant while Lina Sanchez’s parents were watching. They did not do anything else that night, but they started to date after that. They went on many dates, and Gabriel met her parents after a few months.

Gabriel felt like he was dating an older woman from the beginning of their relationship because she was nineteen years old when they met, and Gabriel was only twenty years old when they started dating. He thought that he acted more mature than she did, and he considered himself to be a more grown-up person than she was.

After almost two years together, they moved in together into a little apartment. They were officially boyfriend and girlfriend, but they still acted as if they were children living at home with their parents. When they moved into the apartment, Gabriel had a lot of stuff that he brought from his parents’ house. He also had some books and other items that he bought for his apartment. He had to rearrange all of them because there was not much space in the small room.

They went out many times during the next couple of weeks, and Gabriel’s friends were visiting the apartment often to meet his girlfriend. They started to talk about relationship problems when they were bored, so for a couple of hours Gabriel and Lina talked about their relationship issues. They seemed to work through some of them when they moved in together.

Gabriel felt that he needed to be more mature, and he thought that he was not ready for this kind of responsibility after only two years together with her. He was worried that they were growing apart, but he did not know how to express these feelings to her.

He did not feel like a grown-up yet. He continued to ask his parents for money now and then, even though he was twenty years old and had a steady job. He would not stop talking about his parents when they visited the apartment, even though he lived there for almost two months already. Gabriel felt that he was still a teenager, but his behavior did not help him feel like an independent man in a relationship with a young woman.

Gabriel started to feel that he was in love with Lina because she seemed to be the best thing that happened to him lately. She was better than his new apartment, and better than his new job, but Gabriel started to feel that this was not enough for a happy relationship. He wanted more; he wanted to feel responsible and independent.

Gabriel decided that he was going to talk about this issue with her. He felt guilty and afraid at the same time; it was not easy to face the idea that they might not be on the same page anymore.