The year was 2009, and Gabriel Martin had just turned twenty-two. He
had his whole life ahead of him, but he didn’t know what to do with it.
He was a man now, so he had to go out and get his own place. His mom was
proud of him and wanted to be proud of him when he moved out. She loved
him very much, and she knew that one day he would be the most handsome
man in the world. She said that God had big plans for him, and he
shouldn’t give up on them just yet. She knew Gabriel would be a star one
day, or at least do something special. He was a cool dude who had his own
style and knew what he wanted out of life. Gabriel was going to be a
father soon, but that didn’t scare him one bit. He was ready to be a man
and take care of his family.

   Gabriel had thought he would live with his friends forever, but now
that they have apartments, and friends are married, he needed to move out
and find a place of his own. It was a big step in his life, but he knewit was the right one. His friends helped him pick out a few places to look
at. They loved Gabriel so much, and knew that he could take care of himself.
They were all concerned about him living on his own, but they all trusted
that he could do it. They said that they would help him move into his new
apartment and even go grocery shopping for him. That made him feel so good
to know that he had such great friends.

   He looked at about three apartments before deciding which one to live
in. There were some nice ones and some not so nice ones, but he liked the
one he picked out the most. The place was large enough for him to live in,
and it wasn’t too expensive for him to pay rent on. He loved that there was
a park nearby where he could go sit and relax when he needed some alone
time. He loved the quietness of it, and he knew that when his mom came to
visit him she would love the place too. She wouldn’t have to worry about
him after he moved out because this place seemed so peaceful and safe.

   There weren’t any places available that dayto move into, but
he was determined to get into one of the apartments. So, his friends helped
him move in by carrying his stuff up all those steps. The place was empty
so they didn’t have to worry about moving things over and finding a place
for them. Then they went grocery shopping for him so that he would have a
few things to eat for a couple of days until he got paid. They were so nice
to him, and he knew that they would always be there for him no matter what.

   He sat down on his couch and took in all the sights and sounds of his
new place. He loved it! The only thing missing was his mom who had come to
see him earlier that day and helped set up the apartment a little bit. She
had brought over some food from his grandma’s house for him to eat while he
set up everything else. His grandma had gone with her to help him move all
of his stuff in, and then took her back home. Gabriel really missed them,
and he couldn’t wait to tell them how much he loved his new place.

   It was late at night when he saw the note on his door. He smiled as he held
up the note as if it were some kind of trophy. He had told his friends not
to bring any girls over while he was setting up. He wanted to have no
distractions while unpacking and arranging everything. He didn’t want to be
asked any questions about this or that, or why did they move something
where it didn’t seem right. He knew what he had done to make his new home
a nice and comfortable place for him.

   So, he walked outside and read the note left by Jeremy for him. It just
said “congratulations buddy!”

   Gabriel ran back inside and grabbed his phone. He called Jeremy who was
already in bed with a girl so it went straight to voicemail. He called
Angelica who also had already gone out when she got off work but she was
too tired and fell asleep right after talking to him so her phone went
straight to voicemail too.He called Richie who was at the club still and
was planning to stay there so he didn’t pick up. He called Julio but his
phone went just as straight to voicemail as the rest of them did.

   The next day, Gabriel felt lonely and didn’t know what to do with
himself. Julio was out on a delivery trip until that evening so no matter
how many times Gabriel tried calling him, he knew it was useless. He would
have to wait until tonight to hear from his father and that made him sad.

   Gabriel was going through his closet trying to think of what he could do
with himself when the doorbell rang. He opened the door expecting one of his
friends but he found Julio standing outside in a suit carrying a couple of
bags full of food in his hands. Julio was covered with dirt and gasoline.

   “Good morning Gabriel,” he said as he put the bags on Gabriel’s couch.
He walked over to the kitchen and grabbed a paper towel that was hanging on
the wall next to the sink to wipe his hands. He looked at Gabriel’s empty
fridge and said “Let’s goget some groceries before we cook.”

“Uh, alright,” Gabriel replied awkwardly trying to conceal his lack of confidence in his cooking skills. Julio could see right through him and was waiting for Gabriel to follow him out of the apartment.

The two men rode the subway together back to their neighborhood where they made their way to a giant market that had everything you could need from toiletries and clothes to meats, fruits, and vegetables. As they picked their items off the shelves, Julio asked Gabriel if he wanted anything in particular.

“Is there a burger joint nearby?” Gabriel asked as he struggled to keep up with Julio. Julio didn’t answer; instead, he just steered Gabriel toward the exit of the store where they purchased some hamburger patties and buns.

When they got back to Gabriel’s apartment, Julio started cutting the meat into 4 different pieces while Gabriel looked for a saucepan to cook it in. He found one that was slightly bigger than the patties and walked to the bathroom with it so he could start boiling water in it for the meat.Meanwhile, Julio was moving in the other room. Moments later he emerged from Gabriel’s bathroom carrying a small travel-sized bottle of shampoo and a bar of soap. He set them down on the kitchen counter next to a plate full of hamburger patties and turned the stove on to medium heat.

When Gabriel entered the kitchen, Julio was just finishing up with laying out everything he needed for his meal. He grabbed a couple of paper plates from his cabinet and placed them on the table before turning his attention back to Gabriel and asking him if he had any silverware. Gabriel looked around and was able to find a few plastic forks and some napkins in the drawer next to him. Julio nodded his head and thanked Gabriel as he took everything from him and set them aside on the table before returning back to his cooking.

A minute later, Julio began mixing ketchup with relish when Gabriel decided to make his way back into the living room. He walked over to the wall opposite where Julio was standing and thought about how much of a mess he had made by putting up all of his posters around his apartment. He really didn’t know what he was supposed to do with all of his old pictures, newspapers, and college mementos that he had been carrying around with him for years. Most of it was completely irrelevant and he would never look at it, but all of those things just kept reminding him of how his life had been before he moved out.

As soon as Gabriel made the decision to get rid of all the stuff filling his walls, Julio yelled out in pain. His gaze snapped to Julio’s face and saw that he was clutching his hand with blood dripping from his fingers onto the ground below him.

Gabriel quickly rushed over to Julio’s side and asked him what happened.

Julio looked down at himself in disbelief before admitting that he had just sliced his thumb with the knife. He explained that it wasn’t broken because it didn’t hurt when he moved his fingers, but they were now stained red.

Gabriel nodded his head solemnly and offered Julio a couple of paper towels for his injury. Just as Gabriel was helping Julio to the couch, Lina entered the apartment behind him. She handed Gabriel a bag of ice that she had just been carrying with her in case he needed something like this, and then she made her way over to Julio as well.Lina started to tend to Julio’s wound, and Gabriel turned his attention back to his own dilemma. He knew that he couldn’t let all of this clutter go to waste, but he didn’t know what he should do with it. He couldn’t give it away, because he didn’t want a random stranger knowing where he lived and what his life was like. He knew that if he kept all of this stuff around, it would only get worse because there was no way that he could spend time reading every book on his shelves or playing every game on his console. Gabriel couldn’t even begin to imagine how much time it would take him to watch all of the movies in his DVD collection.

The only thing that Gabriel knew for certain was that he wanted all of the crap gone. So, he spent the rest of the night looking through some of his things and deciding which ones he would be giving away.

Gabriel continued to sort through his things and put them in boxes or trash bags right up until Julio woke up the next morning. His thumb was wrapped in a bandage by that time, but he still looked incredibly exhausted.The man took a few steps in the direction of the bedroom and seemed about to return to bed again when he spotted the boxes and bags of Gabriel’s belongings in the living room. Julio’s face lit up when he saw that.

He asked Gabriel how much longer it would be before they were ready to go to Goodwill. Gabriel told him that they could go whenever he wanted and then watched in amazement as Julio gathered every one of his boxes and bags into his arms. He staggered over to the door with this mound of boxes stacked up as high as he could make them without losing his balance and then opened the door for Lina, Gabriel's girlfriend.

Julio turned around at the threshold of the apartment and looked back at Gabriel with an expression of gratitude on his face. Gabriel managed to make out words like “thank you” and “good job” amidst Julio’s heavy breathing. Then, there was a dull bump as Julio dropped the boxes of clothes onto the sidewalk outside of their apartment building.

After that, Gabriel’s father walked into the bedroom and slumped onto his bed with a sigh of relief. He didn’t even bother to change out of his t-shirt and shorts before falling asleep.

Lina and Gabriel left Julio’s room with two bulging bags of clothes in each hand to make the trip over to Goodwill. Lina and Gabriel strolled down the sidewalk for a while in silence, before they walked into Goodwill and they approached the counter.

The line at the cash register was getting long as Gabriel watched Lina pay for their bags of clothes so that they could take them home and sort through them. Gabriel had never considered going to Goodwill before, but he was happy that he did now. They were able to purge some of the old unwanted items in their lives so that they could focus on everything else in their new apartment.

Gabriel left Goodwill with a smile on his face while he carried a large bag full of books back to his apartment. He did not think about the fact that if he needed more books, all he had to do was pay for them at the counter again. The only thing on his mind was his new life in his own place with someone who loved him as much as Lina did.

Once they were back in his apartment, it took Gabriel and Lina an entire afternoon to sort through Julio’s things. Gabriel discovered a few of Julio’sprized possessions hidden in the back of a closet. He found an old photo album that contained pictures from the days when Gabriel was a baby. There were also snapshots from their family vacations in Mexico, as well as photos from their move to America.

Gabriel did not want to open up the photo album in front of Lina, because there were some pictures that he knew she had yet to see. He placed the photo album on a shelf and sealed it with tape so that anyone else who might come across it would be unable to peek inside. Meanwhile, Lina found an old box of pictures that she thought Gabriel might want to see, so she took them out and placed them on the coffee table in front of him.

The first picture in the box was one that Gabriel had seen before, but he did not mind looking at it again. The photo was Gabriel’s favorite one out of all the ones featured in the photo album. The picture was taken at a beach resort in Tulum where Julio, Gabriel, and Lina stayed for a weekend getaway. The sun was shining brightly overhead and all three of them were shirtless in the photo. Julio was leaning against a palm tree while Gabriel grinned at the camera with his arms spread out to the side. Lina's hair blew in the wind. Although they werestanding about five feet away from each other, their smiles indicated that they wanted to express something for the picture.

Gabriel’s grin was wide in the picture; he looked like a completely different person from when Lina first met him. As Gabriel stared at his younger self, he couldn’t help but feel a little sad that things had not worked out between him and Lina. He could have been with her then, if only he had been more confident in himself. After all, they seemed like a cute couple: two skinny guys who were not afraid to show off their skin on the beach.

Gabriel took another look at the photo and chuckled out loud. He had a different view of things now that he knew how things turned out between them. He could say that he never liked watching himself smile, but he really did like looking at pictures of himself when he was younger. No matter how far he had fallen from his youthful state, those pictures were proof that it had once been possible for a guy like him to be happy-go-lucky and popular with almost everyone who knew him. But now he was nothing more than a guy who was constantly lonely, and an outsider among the rest of society.Gabriel took one last look at his old self before he closed the photo album and stood up. He made sure that Lina was not in the room before he opened up the photo album again, but this time he did not take any precautions. As soon as Gabriel pulled out the yellowed pages of his first childhood photos, he sat back down on his bed, got comfortable, and let Lina watch how much of a fickle human being he was.

Gabriel started right where Julio had left off; first there were more pictures from their move to America and Gabriel’s first day in school. Next came a couple of pictures before Gabriel had lost his virginity to Lina- when they were just thirteen and fourteen years old. There were also a couple of pictures where Gabriel was in his underwear while hugging one of Julio’s friends, and holding hands with another one of Julio’s friends in public.

Gabriel laughed out loud when he saw those old pictures but his laughter quickly turned to disapproval. He felt disgusted knowing that he had been so stupid back then, but it was not too late for him to do something about his current circumstances. He decided that he would be a better boyfriend this time, and Linawould not have to see any more of his past shame.

As Gabriel sat there reminiscing on how much of a jerk he had been in the past, he saw more pictures. It was a sequence of pictures depicting a young Gabriel shirtless and grinning while taking part in water sports while on vacation with his father and his family. Seeing those photos made Gabriel feel nostalgic, but also ashamed. As soon as Gabriel became aware of his reaction to the photos, he immediately started laughing at himself over his ridiculous behavior.

Gabriel grabbed the photo album from Lina’s hands and closed it again. He was not ready to revisit that part of his life just yet, but he knew that he would have to face it eventually. He was sure that if he had been able to overcome his insecurities before, there was no reason why he could not do it now.

Gabriel got up again and looked out the window at the street below. The day was getting darker as the sun started its decent, so Gabriel decided that it would be a great time to go out for some fresh air. He left Lina alone in the room with the photo album, shut off all of the lights, turned off his cell phone, and walked out into the night.